Junior Account Executive - 1012 Amsterdam Centrum - Indeed.com
Startpagina
Bedrijfsreviews
Salarischeck
Inloggen
Inloggen
Werkgevers / Plaats vacature
1 new update
Begin van hoofdcontent
WatWaarVacatures zoeken
Deze vacature is verlopen op Indeed
Mogelijke redenen zijn: de werkgever accepteert momenteel geen sollicitaties, is niet actief op zoek naar nieuwe medewerkers of is bezig met het beoordelen van sollicitaties
Junior Account Executive
========================
Surfly
1012 Amsterdam Centrum
Hybride werken
Fulltime
Locatie
-------
1012 Amsterdam Centrum
&nbsp;
Volledige vacaturetekst
-----------------------
**Working @Surfly**
Surfly is a cutting-edge Web Augmentation Platform that enables businesses to dynamically modify, audit, automate, and share web applications without requiring source code access. Surfly provides unparalleled control over third-party web applications, allowing enterprises to enhance user experiences, automate workflows, and ensure compliance.
Leading organizations use Surfly to accelerate remote deal-closing, collaborate better with seamless functionality, and engage with their own customers in a more efficient and meaningful way. Today, our flagship product, co-browsing, enhances online journeys with features like video chat, secure document signing, PDF document completion, file sharing, and even screen sharing.
We are seeking a highly motivated and results-driven Junior Account Executive to join our sales team. This role will be responsible for identifying, engaging, and closing new business opportunities for Surfly. The ideal candidate will have experience prospecting or selling SaaS, cloud-based solutions, or enterprise software to B2B clients. We’re looking for **ambitious**, **curious**, **driven** and **dependable** teammates - if this sounds like you, we want to hear from you!
**Who we’re looking for:**
* Experienced Sales Development Reps (SDR) or BDRs to become a **Junior Account Executive**
* Self-starter, can recognize real opportunities and take the initiative to turn leads into long-lasting partnerships.
* This role is based in Amsterdam and will be part of a team focused on growing Surfly’s global footprint. strong communicator both internally ***and*** externally, and have a mentality of getting. things. done.
* Creative in how you map and break into accounts
* Comfortable operating in a highly technical, fast paced environment
* Experienced in carrying quota, with a proven track record of success
* Digital-minded and tech-savvy with a great understanding of digital and omnichannel customer interactions
Extra bonus points in case you have previous experience with selling to into Chief Technology Officers, Engineering/IT Leaders, and technical end-users. This is a high-paced role that requires personality, exceptional soft skills and real initiative for building your own voice, pipeline, and client relationships.
There is no relocation offered for this role.
**The Role:**
* Focus on net-new logos via 50% inbound leads and 50% outbound activity
* Average deal size 12k-24k with sales cycle of 2-3 months
* Manage multiple priorities and a pipeline of deals simultaneously
* Seamlessly and effectively work with different teams (operations, finance, legal, customer success) to close deals
* Contribute to building best practices for the overall Sales team and Surfly - we are one team with one mission
* Strong and professional social selling on LinkedIn
* Ensure a solid handover to Customer Success and identify up-selling opportunities where relevant
* Maintain operational and CRM excellence on a weekly basis for accurate forecasting
**Surfly Perks:**
* High income earning opportunities based on self performance, no commission cap
* MacBook Pro and Jabra headset
* Standing desk and ergonomic chair
* Work with other smart, ambitious, curious, and dependable colleagues
* Employee stock options: we are all owners and shareholders of our company - Surfly's success is in our hands!
* 25 holidays per year
* Company-wide gathering and team outings
* Monthly wellness stipend
* Professional development opportunities
* Foosball table at the office
* Beautiful office in city center with canal views
At Surfly, we believe that diversity breeds growth and success. We strive to create a supportive, welcoming and innovative environment for everyone on our team.
Sounds interesting? Apply on our website jobs.surfly.com.
Not seeing an open role that currently fits your experience? Get in touch and tell us why we need someone like you.
* 2+ years of experience in SaaS Sales as a SDR, BDR or Jr. Account Executive
* Strong sales experience, track record and references
* Solid understanding of customer experience, collaboration, contact center and chat/chatbot technologies
* Specific vertical experience in insurance and financial services is a plus
* Knowledge of the global tech landscape, solutions and go-to-markets
* You are a highly motivated, driven and self-starting individual who loves to work in a diverse and international team
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
Vacature rapporteren
### Salarisgegevens toevoegen
Beoordeel Surfly
Bekijk Surfly review voor Amsterdam Centrum, NH
Bekijk Junior Account Executive review voor Surfly
Review for Junior Account Executive at Surfly, Amsterdam Centrum, NH
Salarislink voor Surfly
Salaries for Surfly, Amsterdam Centrum, NH
Salaries for Junior Account Executive at Surfly
Salaries for Junior Account Executive at Surfly, Amsterdam Centrum, NH
Salarislink voor Junior Account Executive
Salaries for Junior Account Executive, Amsterdam Centrum, NH
### Vergelijkbare functiegroepen
Makelaars jobs
### Artikelen Carrièregids
8 adviserende beroepen
Dit verdient een conducteur
Een informeel gesprek met je leidinggevende
Hoeveel verdient een kinderverpleegkundige?
Soorten managers 10 veel voorkomende functies
Wat doet een technisch tekenaar?
Wat is een detacheringsovereenkomst?
Wat is een importeur?
Welke vastgoedopleiding kun je kiezen?
Werken in de Verenigde Arabische Emiraten
### Vergelijkbare vacatures in de buurt
Junior Account Executive vacatures in Amsterdam
* Carrièregids
* Vacatures zoeken
* Bedrijven bekijken
* Salarissen
* Indeed Events
* Werken bij Indeed
* Indeed wereldwijd
* Over Indeed
* Help
* © 2025 Indeed
* Toegankelijkheid bij Indeed
* Privacycenter en Ad Choices
* DSA-rapportage
* Pagina Online veiligheid
* Cookies
* Voorwaarden