Junior Backend Engineer FinTech (m/f/d) - Hamburg - 22767 Hamburg - Indeed.com
Startseite
Unternehmensbewertungen
Gehälter finden
Anmelden
Anmelden
Arbeitgeber/Jobschaltung
1 new update
Beginn des Hauptinhalts
WasWoJobs finden
Diese Stellenanzeige ist auf Indeed abgelaufen
Mögliche Gründe: Der Arbeitgeber akzeptiert keine Bewerbungen, ist nicht aktiv auf der Suche nach neuen Mitarbeitern oder prüft derzeit die eingegangen Bewerbungen
Junior Backend Engineer FinTech (m/f/d) - Hamburg
=================================================
FREENOW
3.13.1 von 5 Sternen
22767 Hamburg
FREENOW
-------
18 Bewertungen
Lesen Sie, was andere Nutzer über diesen Arbeitgeber sagen.
Arbeitsort
----------
22767 Hamburg
&nbsp;
Leistungen Aus der vollständigen Stellenbeschreibung
----------------------------------------------------
* Sabbatical
* Employee Assistance Program
&nbsp;
Vollständige Stellenbeschreibung
--------------------------------
***Location****: We are flexible! Come and join us either in Germany (Hamburg, Berlin) or Spain (Barcelona, Madrid)*
FREENOW empowers smarter mobility decisions helping people to move freely and cities to thrive.
We're on the lookout for a Junior Backend Engineer to join our FinTech team, where we build systems that ensure seamless, transparent, and secure money flows for both our mobility customers and providers.
You'll help create a **customized, user-friendly payment experience** for our customers, while fostering **trust and transparency** with our partners by giving them clear insights into their financials—trust being the cornerstone of our relationships.
At the heart of our work is the chance to make a real impact in the world of mobility. You'll be part of a **multinational, diverse, and highly motivated team** of developers who are not only passionate about creating top-tier solutions but also about **collaborating and having fun** along the way.
If you're ready to take your career to the next level and thrive in a supportive, innovative environment, **this is your next ride**—hop on board!
**YOUR DAILY ADVENTURES WILL INCLUDE:**
---------------------------------------
* **Take Ownership:** You'll have the chance to own the entire process—from contributing ideas for new features, writing clean code, and testing, to deploying and monitoring your services.
* **Collaborate in Agile Teams:** Work closely with your teammates in an agile setup, actively participate in team ceremonies, and contribute to a dynamic, iterative development process.
* **Develop Scalable Microservices:** Implement robust and scalable microservices that meet the needs of our growing user base while adhering to industry best practices.
* **Maintain and Optimize:** Help maintain existing features, troubleshoot, and fix bugs to ensure smooth operations and a great user experience.
* **Learn and Grow:** Stay up-to-date with the latest backend development trends and continuously improve your skills, bringing fresh ideas to our team.
* **Team Player Attitude:** Contribute to a positive team spirit—your humble, collaborative approach will help us find solutions together and achieve shared success.
* **Impact Real Users:** Solve real-world challenges that affect our users, and see your contributions make a tangible impact.
We have around 0.5 million users accessing our product monthly, this is across all European countries that we operate in.
When offering and monetizing reliable, easy-to-use and innovative mobility services to them, the FinTech scalability and reliability are core contributors for the business success, with the ability to adjust and fit different market requirements.
While being both enabler and driver for diverse business initiatives, it's important especially for financial services to stay compliant with regulations.
Be part of our teams, bring in your ideas and evolve with us a high quality software system that makes it easy to stay compliant and boost our business at the same time.
**Our Techstack**: Java | Kotlin | AWS | Docker | Git | Kafka | ElasticSearch & more
**TO BE SUCCESSFUL IN THIS ROLE:**
----------------------------------
* **Experience with Kotlin or Java**: 1-2 years of experience (or strong foundational knowledge) working with these languages, with an eagerness to grow your expertise.
* **Prove Yourself Beyond Degrees**: While a background in Computer Science, Engineering, Maths, or related quantitative fields is common, we value practical skills just as much. Show us that passion and talent can go beyond formal degrees.
* **Effective Communication**: Ability to simplify and explain complex technical concepts to both technical and non-technical audiences, adjusting based on their level of understanding.
* **Passion for Scalable Solutions**: Interest in building scalable web applications, including RESTful APIs and event-driven architectures. You're also comfortable working with transactions, resiliency, and system performance.
* **Familiarity with JVM Frameworks**: Hands-on experience with Spring Boot or similar frameworks—you're comfortable with the quirks and strengths of JVM-based systems.
* **Database Knowledge**: Understanding of relational databases and how to design efficient, reliable, and maintainable data structures.
* **Holistic Testing Approach**: Knowledge of testing practices throughout the software development life cycle, including unit, integration, and system testing.
* **(Bonus) Financial Systems Knowledge**: Experience with financial systems is a plus, but not a dealbreaker. If you're eager to learn, we'll support your growth in this area.
**BENEFITS & PERKS IN A NUTSHELL:**
-----------------------------------
* Flexible working arrangements
* LinkedIn Learning
* Sabbatical & special leave policies
* WeRoad partnership
* Birthday, 24th + 31st December off
* Short term EU work policy
* Mobility Credit
* Health Insurance
* Employee assistance program
**DIVERSITY, EQUITY & INCLUSION:**
----------------------------------
FREE NOW is an equal opportunity employer and we consider qualified applicants regardless of race, religion, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability or age.
We want you to grow and evolve, bring your true self to work.
**SEE WHAT OUR AWESOME COLLEAGUES SAY ABOUT US:**
-------------------------------------------------
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
Diesen Job melden
&nbsp;
Back End Developer Jobs in Hamburg
FREENOW Jobs in Hamburg
Back End Developer Gehälter in Hamburg
* Hiring Lab
* Karriere-Guide
* Jobs finden
* Unternehmen suchen
* Gehalt
* Indeed Events
* Karriere bei Indeed
* Länder
* Über uns
* Hilfe
* © 2025 Indeed
* Barrierefreiheit bei Indeed
* Datenschutzzentrum und Ad Choices
* Meldung gemäß dem Gesetz über digitale Dienste
* Seite zur Online-Sicherheit
* Cookies
* Nutzungsbedingungen