Mid-Level Software Engineer (Frontend) - Chicago, IL 60607 - Indeed.com
Home
Company reviews
Find salaries
Sign in
Sign in
Employers / Post Job
1 new update
Start of main content
WhatWhereFind Jobs
This job has expired on Indeed
Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications
Mid-Level Software Engineer (Frontend)
======================================
tastytrade
4.34.3 out of 5 stars
1330 West Fulton Market, Chicago, IL 60607
$122,000 - $142,000 a year
tastytrade
----------
3 reviews
Read what people are saying about working here.
Benefits Pulled from the full job description
---------------------------------------------
* Pet insurance
* 401(k)
* Paid sick time
* Gym membership
* Commuter assistance
* Conference stipend
&nbsp;
Full job description
--------------------
**Company name:** tastytrade
**Role:** Mid-Level Software Engineer (Frontend)
**Role Type:** Hybrid - Chicago, IL
As a **Frontend Software Engineer**, you will be part of an experienced team that builds out the technology that powers our retail brokerage business and supports our other business initiatives. We care about the speed and stability of our back-end systems as much as we care about the customer-facing applications we create.
**What you'll do:**
* Work on a next generation retail web platform based on the latest Web standards
* Write application code using the Svelte.js framework
* Read and navigate an extensive Java code base that encapsulates shared behavior logic
* Improve the code quality of a large code base by participating in code reviews via pull requests
* Participate in an agile development process
* Partner/collaborate with other teams
* Concept/Design from the UX/UI team
* Review/Testing from the QA team
**Who you are:**
* Familiar with Javascript/CSS/HTML
* Worked with a modern Single Page Application framework such as React, Vue, or Svelte
* Writing view oriented unit test using Jest or similar Javascript testing frameworks
* Comfortable reading Java source code and occasionally contributing changes to it
* Doing pull-requests to submit work for review and review work done by other peers
* Can translate UX/UI designs into application code
* Experienced with command line tools such as git and npm
* At home in an IDE such as WebStorm or Visual Studio Code
**Team Perks:**
* Performance Bonuses
* Stock Purchase Options
* Annual educational / conference stipend
* Sustainable workday with minimal on-call responsibilities
* 401k Plan
* 20 Paid Vacation Days (plus an additional paid vacation day the month of your birthday!)
* 10 Paid Sick Days
* Gym Membership Reimbursement
* Commuter Benefits
* Pet Insurance
* Wellness & Mental Health Programs
* Charitable Donation Matching
* Two Paid Volunteer Days Off
* Daily catered lunch when in the office
* Full kitchen with snacks and beverages
* In-building gym
* Shuttle to/from Metra
* Office located in the West Loop - Chicago's growing center of tech, great cuisine, and high-end bars
**Salary Range:** $122,000 - $142,000
*The actual salary offered will be based on the candidate's level of experience and qualifications*
**About Us:**
The tasty house of brands empowers individual traders differently. tastylive, founded in 2011, is an online financial media network, tastytrade (previously known as tastyworks) is a self-directed retail brokerage firm that launched in 2017, tasty Software Solutions and tastyfx, is a registered Forex broker-dealer. In 2021, London-based IG Group acquired tastylive, Inc. (previously known as tastytrade) and assigned it to lead business in North America. tastyfx is the fastest-growing forex broker in the US over the past few years. Changing the IG US name to tastyfx marks the next chapter, in aligning with the tasty brand family and offering a more forex-focused experience. This combined team has years of experience like institutional brokers, but also a passion for disrupting the entire trading industry.
Our dream is simple: we want more people to find more success with a better trading experience. That's why we're investing heavily in the right people, technology, and media to make that happen in the US and across the globe.
**Location:** Our office is in the West Loop - Chicago's growing center of tech, great cuisine, and high-end bars.
**tastytrade | tasty*****live*** **| tastyfx** **| tastycrypto**
1330 W Fulton Market, Chicago, IL 60607
* Don't meet every single requirement? Studies have shown that women and people of color are less likely to apply to jobs unless they have every single qualification. Our team is dedicated to building a diverse, inclusive, and authentic workplace, so if you're excited about this role but your experience doesn't align perfectly, we encourage you to apply anyway. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles!
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
Report job
### Company and salary information
Review for tastytrade
Review for tastytrade, Chicago, IL
Review for Entry Level Software Engineer at tastytrade
Review for Entry Level Software Engineer at tastytrade, Chicago, IL
Salaries for tastytrade
Salaries for tastytrade, Chicago, IL
Salaries for Entry Level Software Engineer at tastytrade
Salaries for Entry Level Software Engineer at tastytrade, Chicago, IL
Salaries for Entry Level Software Engineer
Salaries for Entry Level Software Engineer, Chicago, IL
&nbsp;
### Career Guide articles
10 Fascinating Career Paths in Special Effects To Explore
12 Best Certifications for Software Testing (Plus Tips)
8 Jobs You Can Get With a Business Analytics MBA
A Definitive Guide to Conscious Marketing (With Benefits)
Accelerating Your Job Search and Getting Hired Fast
How To Convert GPA (Grade Point Average) to a 4.0 Scale
How To Write a Postdoc Reference Letter (With Template and Example)
What Does a Software Architect Do? (Duties and Requirements)
What Is MTTR? Meanings, Uses and Steps To Implement
What Is an Archivist and What Do They Do? (With Skills)
&nbsp;
### Similar jobs nearby
Entry Level Software Engineer jobs in Chicago, IL
&nbsp;
Hiring Lab Career advice Browse jobs Browse companies Salaries Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help ESG at Indeed
© 2025 IndeedYour Privacy ChoicesAccessibility at Indeed Privacy Center and Ad Choices Terms