Senior Software Engineer, Fullstack - Chicago, IL - Indeed.com
Home
Company reviews
Find salaries
Sign in
Sign in
Employers / Post Job
1 new update
Start of main content
WhatWhereFind Jobs
This job has expired on Indeed
Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications
Senior Software Engineer, Fullstack
===================================
Resilience
Chicago, IL
Hybrid work
$140,000 - $190,000 a year - Full-time
Benefits Pulled from the full job description
---------------------------------------------
* Referral program
* 401(k)
* Health insurance
* Paid time off
* Flexible schedule
&nbsp;
Full job description
--------------------
**About Us**
At Resilience, we’re creating a new category that integrates cybersecurity, cyber insurance, and cyber risk management.
Founded in 2016 by experts from across the highest tiers of the US military and intelligence communities – and built by prominent leaders and innovators from the insurance, technology, and cybersecurity industries – Resilience is rewriting the rules of how cyber risk is assessed, measured, and managed. Our integrated cyber risk solutions connect risk quantification software, cybersecurity experts, and A+ rated cyber insurance, all purpose-built for middle and large organizations.
Guided strongly by our mission and four core values - transparency, excellence, grit, and humility, our culture uniquely blends many different backgrounds, experiences, and skills from across industries and geographies - all focused on helping our clients and partners stay ahead of the bad guys. We are a cybersecurity company, a Cyber and Tech E&O-focused MGA, a fintech startup, and a data science powerhouse, all purposefully built into one.
Resilience is proud to be backed by leading technology investment firms, including General Catalyst, Lightspeed Venture Partners, Intact Ventures, Founders Fund, CRV, and Shield Capital. With headquarters in San Francisco, Resilience’s team is globally dispersed, with offices in New York, Chicago, Baltimore, Los Angeles, Toronto, and London. Resilience offers insurance coverage through its licensed and appointed insurance agents and security services through its expert security team.
As a Senior Fullstack Software Engineer at Resilience, you will contribute to the design, development, and optimization of our Policy and Claims Administration System. You will work within a small, cross-functional team to architect scalable solutions, enhance system performance, and ensure seamless integration across our platform. Additionally, you will mentor and guide junior engineers, fostering best practices in software development, code quality, and system architecture.
### **Responsibilities:**
* Develop fullstack components to improve the capabilities and overall performance.
* Implement features on our Policy and Claims Administration system.
* Triage and debug issues in production systems.
* Mentor and guide junior engineers.
* Work with cross functional with internal teams to understand product requirements and provide technical solutions.
* See features through from inception to deployment in a Continuous Deployment environment.
* Evaluate and recommend new technology, where appropriate, to meet scalability and growth targets.
* Experience in grasping high-level concepts, asking the right questions to uncover solutions, and providing strategic recommendations.
### **Qualifications:**
* 5+ years experience as Software Engineer.
* Fullstack experience: Python, Javascript, HTML.
* Experience using git and continuous-integration for distributed software projects.
* Experience in assessing and implementing design decisions to optimize system performance and maintainability.
* Experience building technology solutions for Insurance or Financial companies.
* Experience integrating with CRM tools.
* Analytical thinker, with excellent debugging skills.
* Previous experience building successful, high-scale applications.
* BA/BS degree in Computer Science or equivalent experience.
Depending on experience.
**What Resilience Offers You**
Innovative company culture
Flexible work schedules
Family paid leave
Paid healthcare for employees
401k
Professional development & career advancements
Flexible paid time off
Employee referral bonus
**Accommodations and Accessibility**
We want to ensure you're able to perform as well as possible in your interview. As part of that, if you have any accessibility-related needs to ensure a comfortable visit, please let us know. We'll do our best to provide reasonable accommodations to suit your working style during your interview and if you join our team.
If you require a reasonable accommodation in completing this application, interviewing, completing any pre-employment testing, or otherwise participating in the employee selection process, please direct your inquiries to our Human Resources team at recruiters@arceo.ai.
**Beware of Job Scams**
Resilience is excited to welcome talented individuals to explore career opportunities with us. However, we urge you to stay vigilant against recruitment scams where fraudsters may impersonate our company. We will never ask for payments, conduct interviews via chat rooms, or contact candidates from personal email accounts. All job applications must be submitted through our official platform at lever.co, and interviews will only take place via approved Resilience accounts. If you receive suspicious outreach or have concerns, please contact us directly at recruiters@arceo.ai to verify authenticity. Thank you for helping us maintain a safe and secure recruitment process.
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
Report job
### Company and salary information
Review for Resilience
Review for Resilience, Chicago, IL
Review for Full Stack Developer at Resilience
Review for Full Stack Developer at Resilience, Chicago, IL
Salaries for Resilience
Salaries for Resilience, Chicago, IL
Salaries for Full Stack Developer at Resilience
Salaries for Full Stack Developer at Resilience, Chicago, IL
Salaries for Full Stack Developer
Salaries for Full Stack Developer, Chicago, IL
&nbsp;
### Career Guide articles
11 Online Courses in Risk Management To Consider in 2024
3 Accounting Career Pathways: Duties and Considerations
30 Things an Interviewer Should Look For in Job Candidates
How To Get a Personal Training Internship (With Tips)
How To Perform a Thematic Analysis and When To Use It
How To Write a Staffing Coordinator Cover Letter (With Examples)
Professional Networking: What It Is and How To Master It
Skills for a Real Estate Agent to Include in Their Resume
What Is UX Design? (Plus Benefits and How To Learn It)
What Is a Boilermaker? (And How To Become One)
&nbsp;
### Similar jobs nearby
Full Stack Developer jobs in Chicago, IL
&nbsp;
Hiring Lab Career advice Browse jobs Browse companies Salaries Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help ESG at Indeed
© 2025 IndeedYour Privacy ChoicesAccessibility at Indeed Privacy Center and Ad Choices Terms