Account Executive - Benelux - Amsterdam - Indeed.com
Startpagina
Bedrijfsreviews
Salarischeck
Inloggen
Inloggen
Werkgevers / Plaats vacature
1 new update
Begin van hoofdcontent
WatWaarVacatures zoeken
Deze vacature is verlopen op Indeed
Mogelijke redenen zijn: de werkgever accepteert momenteel geen sollicitaties, is niet actief op zoek naar nieuwe medewerkers of is bezig met het beoordelen van sollicitaties
Account Executive - Benelux
===========================
Scaleway
3.33.3 van de 5 sterren
Amsterdam
Fulltime
Scaleway
--------
7 reviews
Lees wat andere gebruikers over dit bedrijf te zeggen hebben.
Locatie
-------
Amsterdam
&nbsp;
Volledige vacaturetekst
-----------------------
**OUR STORY :**
Join Scaleway and shape the sovereign cloud of tomorrow!
Since 1999, we have been designing secure, sustainable infrastructures aimed at supporting the most ambitious companies.
Historically known for our dedicated servers (Dedibox), we made a strategic shift to cloud computing in 2015. Staying true to our principles of simplicity, flexibility, and technical excellence, we have become one of the leading players in Europe in the sector.
With the rise of artificial intelligence, we have strengthened our commitment, supported by the Iliad Group, which is currently investing €3 billion to develop a serious, sovereign AI alternative to American and Asian giants.
Every day, thanks to our rich catalog of products and services (bare metal, containerization, serverless, AI, etc.), Scaleway proudly serves 38,000 private and public sector clients, from Photoroom to Mistral AI, Golem.AI, and ADEME.
Our offices are located in **Paris, Lille, Toulouse, Bordeaux, and Lyon.**
**WHY WE NEED YOU ?**
Our growth is driving us to strengthen our Go-To-Market team to accelerate our expansion in the Benelux region and support more companies in their transition to a European, sustainable cloud.
Your mission will be to develop and grow a portfolio of strategic clients across Belgium, the Netherlands, and Luxembourg, in order to position Scaleway as their go-to cloud provider and contribute to long-term revenue growth in the region.
**YOUR FUTURE TEAM**
We work in a collaborative and international environment where the diversity of Scalers, combined with a spirit of sharing, helps bring new projects to life every day, advancing our ambitions together.
You’ll be joining a team of 13 Account Executives who work closely together to support companies across Europe — especially in the Benelux region — in their cloud journey. It’s a team that values curiosity, initiative, and a good sense of humor.
Your manager will be Simon Jamelin. Currently Head of Sales, he brings expertise in sales, cloud, and artificial intelligence, with a background in leading international teams and developing strategic accounts across Europe.
**YOUR DAILLY ROUTINE**
1. Identify and engage with strategic accounts in the Benelux region
2. Qualify inbound opportunities and run smart outbound campaigns
3. Lead the full sales cycle, from discovery to closing
4. Build long-term relationships with decision-makers and C-level stakeholders
5. Collaborate with Pre-Sales, Marketing, and Product teams to craft tailored solutions
6. Stay sharp on cloud trends and Scaleway’s evolving product portfolio
**ABOUT YOU**
**Soft Skills**
**Communication**: You'll build strong client relationships.
**Autonomy**: You'll manage projects independently.
**Problem-Solving**: You'll craft solutions for client needs.
**Adaptability**: You'll navigate diverse business challenges.
**Collaboration**: You'll coordinate with cross-functional teams.
**Hard Skills**
**Business Development**: You’ll identify and seize new opportunities
**Negotiation**: You’ll secure favorable client agreements
**Cloud Ecosystem Awareness**: You’ll engage clients with industry fluency
**Sales Tools**: You’ll leverage Salesforce & LinkedIn Navigator
**Reporting**: You’ll provide insights on account performance
**Languages :** you should be fluent in **Dutch and English**
**WHAT YOU WILL FIND AT SCALEWAY ++++**
**Full remote,** with regular visits at our Paris office.
**International environment:** With dozens of nationalities, Scaleway offers a stimulating environment where English is as widely spoken as French.
**Career & Mobility:** Our managers value internal mobility, and opportunities to transition to other entities within the Iliad Group are accessible to all Scalers.
**WHY JOIN THE SCALEWAY ADVENTURE ?**
✔ **A rich and diverse product offering:** Scaleway offers over 100 public cloud products in IaaS, PaaS, and AI.
✔ **A cutting-edge technical environment:** Scaleway provides modern infrastructures, including high-performance bare metal servers, to tackle exciting technical challenges.
✔ **Commitment to responsible cloud:** Scaleway is dedicated to a more responsible cloud, with data centers powered solely by renewable energy since 2017, minimizing our ecological footprint and holding top-level certification.
**THE NEXT STEPS …**
**Discovery call** with a recruiter (30 min)
**Interview with the manager** to understand your sales skills and approach to the role (45 min)
**Team interview and User Case** to validate your expertise (1h)
**Interview with our CSO** to deepen your discussions and assess your fit with the team (45 min)
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
Vacature rapporteren
### Salarisgegevens toevoegen
Beoordeel Scaleway
Bekijk Scaleway review voor Amsterdam, NH
Bekijk Account Executive review voor Scaleway
Review for Account Executive at Scaleway, Amsterdam, NH
Salarislink voor Scaleway
Salaries for Scaleway, Amsterdam, NH
Salaries for Account Executive at Scaleway
Salaries for Account Executive at Scaleway, Amsterdam, NH
Salarislink voor Account Executive
Salaries for Account Executive, Amsterdam, NH
&nbsp;
### Vergelijkbare functiegroepen
Makelaars jobs
&nbsp;
### Artikelen Carrièregids
Hoe word je een acteur?
Hoe word je goudsmid?
Opleiding tot systeemtherapeut, studie en beroep
STEK-certificaat: wat is het?
Salaris vergelijken: wat verdien je in een specifiek beroep?
Wat doet een monteur?
Wat is de pabo?
Wat is detachering in finance?
Wat is proactief handelen en hoe ontwikkel je het?
Welke vaardigheden heb je nodig als schilder?
&nbsp;
### Vergelijkbare vacatures in de buurt
Account Executive vacatures in Amstelveen
Account Executive vacatures in Amsterdam
Account Executive vacatures in Amsterdam-Zuidoost
&nbsp;
Carrièregids Vacatures zoeken Bedrijven bekijken Salarissen Indeed Events Werken bij Indeed Indeed wereldwijd Over Indeed Help
© 2025 IndeedToegankelijkheid bij Indeed Privacycenter en Ad Choices DSA-rapportage Pagina Online veiligheid Cookies Voorwaarden