Senior Backend Engineer (m/f/d) - Hamburg - Indeed.com
Startseite
Unternehmensbewertungen
Gehälter finden
Anmelden
Anmelden
Arbeitgeber/Jobschaltung
1 new update
Beginn des Hauptinhalts
WasWoJobs finden
Diese Stellenanzeige ist auf Indeed abgelaufen
Mögliche Gründe: Der Arbeitgeber akzeptiert keine Bewerbungen, ist nicht aktiv auf der Suche nach neuen Mitarbeitern oder prüft derzeit die eingegangen Bewerbungen
Senior Backend Engineer (m/f/d)
===============================
Statista
3.63.6 von 5 Sternen
Hamburg
Hybrides Arbeiten
Vollzeit
Statista
--------
30 Bewertungen
Lesen Sie, was andere Nutzer über diesen Arbeitgeber sagen.
Arbeitsort
----------
Hamburg
&nbsp;
Leistungen Aus der vollständigen Stellenbeschreibung
----------------------------------------------------
* Gleitzeit
&nbsp;
Vollständige Stellenbeschreibung
--------------------------------
At **Statista**, we’re all about facts and data, for we are the world's leading business data platform. By providing reliable and easy-to-use data as well as various data analytics products and services, we empower people worldwide to make fact-based decisions.
Founded in Hamburg in 2007, we have quickly grown into a global company with offices in major cities such as London, New York, Berlin and Tokyo. And we still have a lot of plans. Our constant growth does not only prove our success, but also keeps creating new development and career opportunities for our employees.
We value and celebrate our diverse culture. You are welcome here for who you are, no matter where you come from, what you look like, or whether you prefer bar graphs to pie charts. Your story matters – keep writing it as part of our team.
Are you ready to join us?
**Tasks:**
* You play a crucial role in designing and implementing scalable and reliable backend systems.
* You work closely together with your team of fellow developers, product leads, and QA engineers in an agile environment.
* You write well-structured, maintainable code using modern backend technologies, with a focus on Java.
* You design and optimize relational database schemas to ensure performance, integrity, and scalability.
* You contribute to the architecture, development, and deployment of cloud-based applications using AWS technologies.
* You live the complete software lifecycle: software design, development, code reviews, deployment, ensuring quality and maintainability.
**Requirements:**
* 5+ years of experience in backend development.
* Strong proficiency in Java / Spring Boot and experience with designing and maintaining relational databases.
* Hands-on experience with AWS services and cloud-based architectures.
* Strong problem-solving skills and a proactive, solution-oriented mindset.
* You show creativity to solve problems, are open to learning new technologies, and eager to shape the future backend tech stack.
* You are a team player, self-driven, and come with a constructive “can do” attitude.
* You are fluent in English (written + spoken).
**The Team**
At Statista Tech, our mission is to to harness the possibilities of modern technology to bring Statista’s data assets to the fingertips of our customers around the globe as conveniently and reliably as possible. Internally, we provide a productive digital workplace environment at Statista globally.
**What we offer**
In addition to our great team, culture, and our shared goal of empowering people with data, there are many other things that make Statista a great place to work! Join us and benefit from:
* Work from abroad 10 days a year (up to 30 if your family lives abroad)
* Hybrid work and flex-time
* International team and social events
* Career & training opportunities
* Attractive locations and modern offices
* Mental health support with OpenUp
*Some of the benefits listed here apply only to the German entity and to Junior-level roles or above.*
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
Diesen Job melden
### Fügen Sie Gehaltsangaben hinzu
Bewerten Sie Statista
Statista Bewertung für Hamburg, HH ansehen
Back End Developer Bewertung für Statista ansehen
Review for Back End Developer at Statista, Hamburg, HH
Gehaltslink für Statista
Salaries for Statista, Hamburg, HH
Salaries for Back End Developer at Statista
Salaries for Back End Developer at Statista, Hamburg, HH
Gehaltslink für Back End Developer
Salaries for Back End Developer, Hamburg, HH
### Karriere-Guide-Artikel
Als Au-pair nach Italien – eine gute Entscheidung?
Ausbildung als Binnenschiffer (m/w/d)
Ausbildung als Umwelttechniker (m/w/d): alle Infos
Gesundheitspädagogik-Studium: Alle Infos
Kaufmann im Groß- und Außenhandel (m/w/d): Weiterbildung
Pharmareferent Ausbildung: Alle Infos
Was ist ein Jungkoch? Alle Infos zum Beruf
Was ist ein Soft-Skill-Würfel und wie nutzt man ihn?
Was ist ein/e IT-Supporter\*in?
Wie wird man Filmproduzent bzw. Filmproduzentin?
### Ähnliche Jobs in der Nähe
Back End Developer Jobs in Hamburg
* Hiring Lab
* Karriere-Guide
* Jobs finden
* Unternehmen suchen
* Gehalt
* Indeed Events
* Karriere bei Indeed
* Länder
* Über uns
* Hilfe
* © 2025 Indeed
* Barrierefreiheit bei Indeed
* Datenschutzzentrum und Ad Choices
* Meldung gemäß dem Gesetz über digitale Dienste
* Seite zur Online-Sicherheit
* Cookies
* Nutzungsbedingungen