Software Engineer - C++ - Chicago, IL 60604 - Indeed.com
Home
Company reviews
Find salaries
Sign in
Sign in
Employers / Post Job
1 new update
Start of main content
WhatWhereFind Jobs
Software Engineer - C++
=======================
Akuna Capital
3.03.0 out of 5 stars
333 S Wabash Ave floor 26, Chicago, IL 60604
From $130,000 a year
Akuna Capital
-------------
20 reviews
Read what people are saying about working here.
JobCompany
Profile insights
----------------
Find out how your skills align with the job description
### Skills
Do you have experience in **Python**?
YesNo
### Education
Do you have a **Bachelor's degree**?
YesNo
&nbsp;
Job details
-----------
### Pay
* From $130,000 a year
&nbsp;
Full job description
--------------------
**About Akuna:**
Akuna Capital is an innovative trading firm with a strong focus on collaboration, cutting-edge technology, data driven solutions, and automation. We specialize in providing liquidity as an options market-maker – meaning we are committed to providing competitive quotes that we are willing to both buy and sell. To do this successfully, we design and implement our own low latency technologies, trading strategies, and mathematical models.
Our Founding Partnersfirst conceptualized Akuna in their hometown of Sydney. They opened the firm's first office in 2011 in the heart of the derivatives industry and the options capital of the world – Chicago. Today, Akuna is proud to operate from additional offices in Sydney, Shanghai, London and Singapore.
**What you'll do as a Software Engineer at Akuna:**
Akuna is looking for motivated self-starters to join our growing engineering team and contribute to the build-out of our proprietary options market-making trading platform. You will focus on analysis, design, implementation, testing and delivery of Akuna's trading system using the latest technologies. A pragmatic approach to technology solutions using the latest open-source software will be required. Successful candidates will work closely with an industry-leading team of options Traders who participate fully in the design and ongoing enhancements to our proprietary trading platform. In this role, you will:
* Design and build mission-critical and complex trading systems
* Plan, design, and implement high quality Linux services using modern C++ technologies
* Build software using Agile methodologies
* Participate in design sessions and code reviews
* Work on cross-functional teams to troubleshoot and solve complex problems
**Qualities that make great candidates:**
* 3+ years of experience developing performant, scalable applications in modern C++ (and at least 2 years with C++11, 14, or 17; template metaprogramming a plus)
* Experience with Linux and Python required
* Understanding of distributed systems, data structures, and algorithms
* Practical use of multi-threaded/multi-core programming paradigms
* Object-oriented design and programming experience
* A curiosity and demonstrated interest in C++14 and beyond
* Ability to take on projects and drive them through to completion
* Familiarity with trading and trading systems is a plus
* Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Math, or equivalent
* The ability to react quickly and accurately to rapidly changing market conditions, including the ability to quickly and accurately respond and/or solve math and coding problems are essential functions of the role
***In addition to technical skillsets, Akuna values the unique perspectives people can bring to the table to collaboratively solve complex problems and drive Akuna forward. We want everyone to feel empowered to apply. We welcome your application and encourage you to take the first steps toward your future with us!***
*Please note that level/title, as well as team placement, will be determined upon the conclusion of the interview process. If you are a current student or recent graduate, please take a look at our Entry Level and Intern positions.*
*In accordance with Illinois Equal Pay Act, the minimum base salary starts at $130,000. Exact compensation offered may vary based on many factors including, but not limited to, the candidate's experience, qualifications, and skill set. This role is also eligible for a discretionary performance bonus as part of the total compensation package, in addition to the benefits listed* *here:* *https://akunacapital.com/our-culture#benefits.* *The minimum base salary herein was determined in good faith by Akuna Capital LLC.*
&nbsp;
You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply
Apply on company site
save-icon
Report job
&nbsp;
Software Engineer jobs in Chicago, IL
Jobs at Akuna Capital in Chicago, IL
Software Engineer salaries in Chicago, IL
* Hiring Lab
* Career advice
* Browse jobs
* Browse companies
* Salaries
* Indeed Events
* Work at Indeed
* Countries
* About
* Help
* ESG at Indeed
* © 2025 Indeed
* Your Privacy Choices
* Accessibility at Indeed
* Privacy Center and Ad Choices
* Terms