Backend Engineer (all genders welcome) - 22179 Hamburg - Indeed.com
Startseite
Unternehmensbewertungen
Gehälter finden
Anmelden
Anmelden
Arbeitgeber/Jobschaltung
1 new update
Beginn des Hauptinhalts
WasWoJobs finden
Diese Stellenanzeige ist auf Indeed abgelaufen
Mögliche Gründe: Der Arbeitgeber akzeptiert keine Bewerbungen, ist nicht aktiv auf der Suche nach neuen Mitarbeitern oder prüft derzeit die eingegangen Bewerbungen
Backend Engineer (all genders welcome)
======================================
goodBytz
22179 Hamburg
Vollzeit
Arbeitsort
----------
22179 Hamburg
&nbsp;
Leistungen Aus der vollständigen Stellenbeschreibung
----------------------------------------------------
* Kostenbeteiligung am Arbeitsweg
* Jobticket
* Firmenevents
* Flexible Arbeitszeiten
&nbsp;
Vollständige Stellenbeschreibung
--------------------------------
#### **Your tasks**
**Your tasks will include, among others:**
* Have a proactive role in contributing to the backend development of applications, for providing a quality user experience
* Collaborating with cross-functional teams to design, implement and develop features
* Constantly improve the quality of our code by finding bugs and refactoring code when necessary
* Participate in code-reviews and peer programming to strengthen our development practices and approaches
* Stay informed on new technologies and test the promising ones to make sure we don’t miss out
#### **Your profile**
**You should have experience and qualities in the following areas:**
* Minimum of three years experience in Python, preferably in frameworks like Flask, Django, Fast API or something similar
* Experience in using SQL and NoSQL Databases
* Good Understanding of REST API
* Familiarity with Git Protocol
* Proficiency in English Language
**As an add-on, it would be great if you have knowledge in the following areas:**
* Basic understanding of Test Driven Development
* Good Knowledge on Design Patterns and Performance concerns
* Good understanding of Asynchronous programming, MQTT protocols
* Experience with Linux Bash and Docker, Kubernetes, CI/CD pipelines
* Understanding of microservices
#### **What we offer you**
**At goodBytz, you are more than just part of a team** – you become an important co-creator. We are looking for colleagues who not only think along but also have the courage to express critical thoughts. For us, respect, trust, and open exchange are the basis for success and satisfaction.
**You can expect:**
**A unique working environment:**
Immerse yourself in a world between cutting-edge technology and innovative gastronomy – visionaries, tinkerers, and connoisseurs work hand in hand with us.
**Trust and responsibility:**
With us, you take on personal responsibility and have the freedom to make operational decisions. We rely on your expertise and ideas!
**Flexibility for your life:**
Work when it suits you best – with flexible working hours and the possibility to work remotely (as far as your position allows).
**Attractive additional benefits:**
You can choose between:
* subsidy for Urban Sports Club membership (M-package)
* subsidy for the Deutschlandticket (hvv Jobticket Premium)
* Edenred City Card
**A dynamic startup environment:**
As part of a fast-growing company with great market and expansion potential, you can make a difference from the start and grow with us.
**Team events that inspire:**
Regular events and activities strengthen our togetherness – from cooking evenings to joint workouts.
**Culinary highlights:**
Enjoy fresh, healthy food from our robots, regular fresh fruit, and a well-stocked candy bar.
**Your new workplace is more than just a job – it is a chance to be part of something big. Become part of goodBytz and let's shape the future together!**
#### **About us**
**Our mission**
GoodBytz develops intelligent cooking robots. These enable professional chefs to make their cooking qualitatively scalable and reproducible. At the same time, we provide culinary innovators from around the world with a comprehensive solution based on robots, AI and Big Data tools, enabling our society to produce and prepare food in a more sustainable way. At the same time, high quality, sustainable and delicious food will be made available to the masses. Our robotic kitchens are capable of performing all processes of cooking, starting from portioning ingredients to washing pots. The integrated sensor technology enables precise monitoring and control of the cooking processes, continuously achieving high quality.
**Our values**
At GoodBytz we want all our employees to be able to bring their passion, creativity and individuality to their work. With a high degree of autonomy and transparency in all areas of work, everyone is empowered to make quick and independent decisions. We value all cultures, backgrounds and experiences, as we strongly believe that diversity fosters innovation. Join us in our mission to democratize healthy, sustainable and delicious food.
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
Diesen Job melden
### Fügen Sie Gehaltsangaben hinzu
Bewerten Sie goodBytz
goodBytz Bewertung für Hamburg, HH ansehen
Back End Developer Bewertung für goodBytz ansehen
Review for Back End Developer at goodBytz, Hamburg, HH
Gehaltslink für goodBytz
Salaries for goodBytz, Hamburg, HH
Salaries for Back End Developer at goodBytz
Salaries for Back End Developer at goodBytz, Hamburg, HH
Gehaltslink für Back End Developer
Salaries for Back End Developer, Hamburg, HH
&nbsp;
### Karriere-Guide-Artikel
Ausbildung verkürzen – so werden Sie schneller fertig
Betreff in der Bewerbung: Beispiele und Format
Bewerbung als Immobilienkaufmann/-frau: Alles Wissenswerte
Gehalt als Fachangestellter für Bäderbetriebe (m/w/d)
Gehalt als technischer Assistent (m/w/d)
Ofenbauer-Ausbildung: Alle Infos
Was verdient ein/e Optiker\*in?
Weiterbildung in der Pflegedienstleistung
Wie wird man Bereichsleiter (m/w/d)?
„Dunning-Kruger-Effekt”: Was ist das?
&nbsp;
### Ähnliche Jobs in der Nähe
Back End Developer Jobs in Hamburg
&nbsp;
Hiring Lab Karriere-Guide Jobs finden Unternehmen suchen Gehalt Indeed Events Karriere bei Indeed Länder Über uns Hilfe
© 2025 IndeedBarrierefreiheit bei Indeed Datenschutzzentrum und Ad Choices Meldung gemäß dem Gesetz über digitale Dienste Seite zur Online-Sicherheit Cookies Nutzungsbedingungen