C# Software Engineer - Lincolnshire, IL 60069 - Indeed.com
Home
Company reviews
Find salaries
Sign in
Sign in
Employers / Post Job
1 new update
Start of main content
WhatWhereFind Jobs
This job has expired on Indeed
Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications
C# Software Engineer
====================
Snap-on Inc
3.53.5 out of 5 stars
Lincolnshire, IL 60069
Full-time
Snap-on Inc
-----------
874 reviews
Read what people are saying about working here.
JobCompany
Full job description
--------------------
Overview:
Snap-on Diagnostics is seeking an outstanding C# Software Engineer to work on enhancing and maintaining applications which are critical for business. In this role, you will be part of a global team that designs and develops new features, fixes bugs, and addresses technical debt.
This position requires an excellent team player with great communication skills who demonstrates a passion for delivering software of uncompromising quality to customers.
**Essential skills required (5 to 10 years solid experience of the following):**
* Expertise in C# and .NET Core / .NET 6+ with focus in web development (Web Services and Web API)
* Experience using architecture patterns like MVC, MVVM, and DDD
* Strong understanding of code refactoring, modularization, and best practices for maintainability and scalability.
* Implements and enforces SOLID principles, Clean Architecture, and Deign Patterns (Factory, Repository, Dependency Injection)
* Working knowledge of Entity Framework, LINQ, and SQL / SQL Server
* Experience in test automation using tools / frameworks (Postman, Selenium, NUnit) and writing clean, testable code.
* Practiced in Agile development methodologies including Scrum and Kanban
* Able to implement new and improve existing engineering standards, best practices, and processes.
* Successful Track Record as a Team Player
* Excellent verbal and written communication skills
* Self-Motivated and self-organizing
**The following skills are not essential, but desirable:**
* Windows system troubleshooting knowledge using Windows Event Logs, Performance Monitoring, and Windows Debugger (WinDbg).
* Hands-on experience with CI/CD pipelines using Jenkins
* Understanding of authentication mechanisms including OAuth, AuthLink, and OKTA.
* Version control experience with Bitbucket, Git.
* Microsoft Azure experience including Azure DevOps – Azure Pipelines is a plus.
***Snap-on is an Equal Opportunity Employer, Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran***
&nbsp;
Report job
### Company and salary information
Review for Snap-on Inc
Review for Snap-on Inc, Lincolnshire, IL
Review for .net Developer at Snap-on Inc
Review for .net Developer at Snap-on Inc, Lincolnshire, IL
Salaries for Snap-on Inc
Salaries for Snap-on Inc, Lincolnshire, IL
Salaries for .net Developer at Snap-on Inc
Salaries for .net Developer at Snap-on Inc, Lincolnshire, IL
Salaries for .net Developer
Salaries for .net Developer, Lincolnshire, IL
&nbsp;
### Jobs with similar titles
Front End Developer jobs
Net Developer jobs
Snap On jobs
Software Developer jobs
Software Developer jobs
Software Engineer jobs
Software Engineer jobs
&nbsp;
### Similar job categories
Front End Developer jobs
Software Developer jobs
Software Engineer jobs
Software Engineer jobs
Software Engineer jobs
Software Engineer jobs
&nbsp;
### Career Guide articles
15 Jobs in Geoscience That Pay Well
Career Goals for Executive Assistants: Importance and Examples
FAQ: What is Nonprofit Management?
HR Coordinator Interview Questions and Answers
How To Make a Career Change at 40
How To Use Social Media for Recruitment in 4 Steps (With Tips)
How To Write a Cost Accountant CV (Plus Example)
How To Write a Grant Proposal Cover Letter (With Example)
What Is the 50-20-30 Budget Rule? Uses, Benefits & Examples
Zoologist vs. Wildlife Biologist: Career Differences
&nbsp;
### Similar jobs nearby
Net Developer jobs in Vernon Hills, IL
&nbsp;
Hiring Lab Career advice Browse jobs Browse companies Salaries Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help ESG at Indeed
© 2025 IndeedYour Privacy ChoicesAccessibility at Indeed Privacy Center and Ad Choices Terms