Staff Software Engineer - Chicago, IL 60654 - Indeed.com
Home
Company reviews
Find salaries
Sign in
Sign in
Employers / Post Job
1 new update
Start of main content
WhatWhereFind Jobs
This job has expired on Indeed
Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications
Staff Software Engineer
=======================
Grainger
3.63.6 out of 5 stars
Chicago, IL 60654
Hybrid work
$120,400 - $200,700 a year - Full-time
Grainger
--------
3,616 reviews
Read what people are saying about working here.
JobCompany
Benefits Pulled from the full job description
---------------------------------------------
* Tuition reimbursement
* Paid parental leave
* Paid time off
* Employee discount
* Vision insurance
* Dental insurance
* Life insurance
Show morechevron down
&nbsp;
Full job description
--------------------
**Work Location Type:****Hybrid**
As a leading industrial distributor with operations primarily in North America, Japan and the United Kingdom, We Keep The World Working® by serving more than 4.5 million customers worldwide with products delivered through innovative technology and deep customer relationships. With 2023 sales of $16.5 billion, we’re dedicated to providing value for customers, fostering an engaging culture for team members and driving strong financial results.
Our welcoming workplace enables you to learn, grow and make a difference by keeping businesses running and their people safe. As a 2024 Glassdoor Best Place to Work and a Great Place to Work-Certified™ company, we’re looking for passionate people to join our team as we continue leading the industry over our next 100 years.
**Compensation**
The anticipated base pay compensation range for this position is $120,400.00 to $200,700.00.
**Rewards and Benefits:**
With benefits starting on day one, our programs provide choice and flexibility to meet team members' individual needs, including:
* Medical, dental, vision, and life insurance plans with coverage starting on day one of employment and 6 free sessions each year with a licensed therapist to support your emotional wellbeing.
* 18 paid time off (PTO) days annually for full-time employees (accrual prorated based on employment start date) and 6 company holidays per year.
* 6% company contribution to a 401(k) Retirement Savings Plan each pay period, no employee contribution required.
* Employee discounts, tuition reimbursement, student loan refinancing and free access to financial counseling, education, and tools.
* Maternity support programs, nursing benefits, and up to 14 weeks paid leave for birth parents and up to 4 weeks paid leave for non-birth parents.
For additional information and details regarding Grainger’s benefits, please click on the link below:
https://experience100.ehr.com/grainger/Home/Tools-Resources/Key-Resources/New-Hire
The pay range provided above is not a guarantee of compensation. The range reflects the potential base pay for this role at the time of this posting based on the job grade for this position. Individual base pay compensation will depend, in part, on factors such as geographic work location and relevant experience and skills.
The anticipated compensation range described above is subject to change and the compensation ultimately paid may be higher or lower than the range described above.
Grainger reserves the right to amend, modify, or terminate its compensation and benefit programs in its sole discretion at any time, consistent with applicable law.
**Position details:**
You will work as a Staff engineer on a Customer Order team. The team is responsible for largely three things:
* Make orders searchable across multiple channels via a HTTP API, for example https://www.grainger.com/myaccount/orderhistory#orderHistory. We see our customers order from their Order history and these “re-orders” account for ~6% of order revenue.
* Provide updates about Orders via Kafka events. This supports various systems like sending you an update email about your order!
* Curate Order data from across our ordering ecosystem for operational and analytical use. This enables the organization to use data-driven insight in the prioritization of work.
To give you a perspective of our scale, we work with 100,000+ Kafka messages a day, 7 years of Order data, millions of user accounts. We deploy Spring Boot/Kotlin microservices, leverage most of the Kafka APIs, and work with Databricks/Snowflake to curate our data.
We are looking for a team player and a curious mind. Someone who will enrich our systems and the people around them. We want people who are excited about how their work impacts customers. Placing orders is at the core of Grainger’s business and we own an important part in that interaction with customers. If you are eager to learn, bring a growth mindset and humble attitude you might be what we are looking for.
**You will:**
* Write Kotlin and Python code largely using a TDD paradigm.
* Deploy containers to Kubernetes and leverage other cloud-native systems leveraging infrastructure as code.
* Elevate the careers of the engineers around you.
* Deliver software using continuous delivery and continuous integration.
* Architect solutions for the team like how we partition our data or more intelligently stream events in our system.
* Be responsible for negotiating things like an API contract with upstream and downstream teams.
* Influence engineering pattern across your partner domain teams.
* Provide feedback to everyone on your team to enable team cohesion and growth
**You have:**
* Setup and debugged a build pipeline.
* Meaningfully impacted another person’s career.
* Experience writing tests, specifically the usage of TDD.
* Tuned the throughput of a stressed system, ideally Kafka was involved.
* Architected a solution. This could be a system or specific solution architecture. We might ask about your process, and the trade-offs considerations.
* Pair programming of some style in your toolbelt.
* Worked on a team that had stakeholders that were not engineers.
* Debugged and fixed a broken system in production.
* Been the technical lead on a team.
* Used observability, monitoring, and performance test tooling.
* Worked with both JVM and interpreted languages.
* Deployed containers to Kubernetes and understand the basic levers provided.
* Implemented a technical pattern with a team and can tell us how you convinced them it was a good idea.
* Experience manipulating large volumes of data, on the order of TBs.
* Used domain driven design in your code.
* Designed or have depth with API design. This could be events, http APIs, etc.
* As a bonus, CKAD certificate or have a deeper understanding of container orchestration.
* As a bonus, experience or a deeper understanding of tuning Kafka and event design.
* As a bonus, experience with PySpark or other large-scale data processing tools.
* As a bonus, experience with Solr or other search systems.
* As a bonus, explain the difference between @Component and @Service in Spring Boot.
We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender, gender identity or expression, or veteran status. We are proud to be an equal opportunity workplace.
We are committed to fostering an inclusive, accessible environment that includes both providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities during the application and hiring process as well as throughout the course of one’s employment. With this in mind, should you need a reasonable accommodation during the application and selection process, please advise us so that we can provide appropriate assistance.
&nbsp;
Report job
### Company and salary information
Review for Grainger
Review for Grainger, Chicago, IL
Review for Staff Software Engineer at Grainger
Review for Staff Software Engineer at Grainger, Chicago, IL
Salaries for Grainger
Salaries for Grainger, Chicago, IL
Salaries for Staff Software Engineer at Grainger
Salaries for Staff Software Engineer at Grainger, Chicago, IL
Salaries for Staff Software Engineer
Salaries for Staff Software Engineer, Chicago, IL
### Jobs with similar titles
Game Developer jobs
### Career Guide articles
10 Tips for Managing Yourself (Plus Definition and Benefits)
15 Signs of a Good Manager
41 Production Roles for TV and Film Industry Professionals
5 Emergency Medicine Jobs (Plus Job Duties and Salaries)
How To Choose a Career: 5 Tips (With Video)
How To Get Paid for Blogging in 2024 (With FAQs and Tips)
The Potential Pros and Cons of a Corporate Merger
Tips for Returning to Work After Retirement (With Video)
What Is a Private Company? (With Types and Advantages)
What To Include in Your Work Hour Reduction Letter
### Similar jobs nearby
Staff Software Engineer jobs in Chicago, IL
* Hiring Lab
* Career advice
* Browse jobs
* Browse companies
* Salaries
* Indeed Events
* Work at Indeed
* Countries
* About
* Help
* ESG at Indeed
* © 2025 Indeed
* Your Privacy Choices
* Accessibility at Indeed
* Privacy Center and Ad Choices
* Terms