Lead, Software Engineering - Chicago, IL 60602 - Indeed.com
Home
Company reviews
Find salaries
Sign in
Sign in
Employers / Post Job
1 new update
Start of main content
WhatWhereFind Jobs
This job has expired on Indeed
Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications
Lead, Software Engineering
==========================
Northern Trust Corp.
3.83.8 out of 5 stars
181 West Madison Street, Chicago, IL 60602
$148,949 - $169,200 a year - Part-time
Northern Trust Corp.
--------------------
1,426 reviews
Read what people are saying about working here.
Benefits Pulled from the full job description
---------------------------------------------
* Parental leave
* 401(k)
* Health insurance
* Paid time off
* Vision insurance
* Dental insurance
* Caregiver leave
&nbsp;
Full job description
--------------------
About Northern Trust:
Northern Trust, a Fortune 500 company, is a globally recognized, award-winning financial institution that has been in continuous operation since 1889.
Northern Trust is proud to provide innovative financial services and guidance to the world’s most successful individuals, families, and institutions by remaining true to our enduring principles of service, expertise, and integrity. With more than 130 years of financial experience and over 22,000 partners, we serve the world’s most sophisticated clients using leading technology and exceptional service.
The Northern Trust Company seeks a Lead, Software Engineering to design, build, and test software applications and solutions. Define technical system requirements for complex data processing and software development projects. Collaborate with cross-functional users to analyze business needs, create prototypes, and develop user-friendly software applications. Test and maintain computer programs, including designing, coding, and debugging. Conduct feasibility studies and design system requirements for complex data processing projects. Perform strategic planning and long-range direction for technology usage and enhancements across the business units. #LI-DNI
Position requires a Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Electronic Engineering, Information Systems, or a related STEM field, followed by 5 years of progressively responsible experience with software design, development, testing, and implementation. Experience must include a minimum of: 5 years of experience with coding and debugging software applications; 5 years of experience with capturing business requirements and transforming requirements into technical specifications in the financial services industry; 5 years of experience with conducting feasibility studies for complex data processing projects and preparing project phase reports; 5 years of experience in architecting and designing data management for the enterprise using IBM MDM tool; 5 years of experience with Core Spring framework, Oracle, PCF, Spring Boot, SQL, Unix Shell Scripting, Web Services (SOAP, REST); and 3 years of experience with WebLogic. Part time telecommuting may be permitted. #LI-DNI
JOB LOCATION: Chicago, IL. RATE OF PAY: $148,949.00 - $169,200.00 per year. To apply, please visit
https://careers.northerntrust.com
and enter job requisition numberR138974 when prompted. Alternatively, please send your resume, cover letter, and a copy of the ad to: G. Duggan, 181 W. Madison, Chicago, IL 60602.
Salary Range:
$148,949.00 to $169,200.00 USD
*Salary range is a good faith estimate of base pay. Northern Trust provides a comprehensive benefits package including retirement benefits (401k and pension), health and welfare benefits (medical, dental, vision, spending accounts and disability), paid time off, parental and caregiver leave, life & accident insurance, and other voluntary and well-being benefits. Northern Trust also provides a discretionary bonus program that may include an equity component.*
Working with Us:
As a Northern Trust partner, greater achievements await. You will be part of a flexible and collaborative work culture in an organization where financial strength and stability is an asset that emboldens us to explore new ideas.
Movement within the organization is encouraged, senior leaders are accessible, and you can take pride in working for a company committed to assisting the communities we serve! Join a workplace with a greater purpose.
We’d love to learn more about how your interests and experience could be a fit with one of the world’s most admired and sustainable companies! Build your career with us and apply today. #MadeForGreater
Reasonable accommodation
Northern Trust is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the employment process, please email our HR Service Center at
MyHRHelp@ntrs.com
.
We hope you’re excited about the role and the opportunity to work with us. We value an inclusive workplace and understand flexibility means different things to different people.
Apply today and talk to us about your flexible working requirements and together we can achieve greater.
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
Report job
### Company and salary information
Review for Northern Trust Corp.
Review for Northern Trust Corp., Chicago, IL
Review for Software Engineer at Northern Trust Corp.
Review for Software Engineer at Northern Trust Corp., Chicago, IL
Salaries for Northern Trust Corp.
Salaries for Northern Trust Corp., Chicago, IL
Salaries for Software Engineer at Northern Trust Corp.
Salaries for Software Engineer at Northern Trust Corp., Chicago, IL
Salaries for Software Engineer
Salaries for Software Engineer, Chicago, IL
&nbsp;
### Jobs with similar titles
Computer Engineer jobs
Front End Developer jobs
Full Stack Developer jobs
Game Developer jobs
Northern Trust jobs
Software Developer jobs
Software Engineer jobs
&nbsp;
### Similar job categories
Computer Engineer jobs
Full Stack Developer jobs
Full Stack Developer jobs
Northern Trust jobs
Software Engineer jobs
&nbsp;
### Career Guide articles
Best IT Master's Degree and Programs To Pursue in 2024
FAQ: What Is Emotional Intelligence in the Workplace?
Graphics Engineer Skills: Examples and How To Improve Them
How To Calculate Statistical Significance (And Its Importance)
How To Engage In Conversation At Work in 11 Steps
How To Write a Leave of Absence Request (With Examples)
Is a Music Major Worth It? Pros of a Music Degree
Student Resume Examples (And How To Create One)
What Is Sales Operations?
What is an Edupreneur? Definition and Skills
&nbsp;
### Similar jobs nearby
Software Engineer jobs in Chicago, IL
Software Engineer jobs in Lincoln Park, IL
Software Engineer jobs in Oak Park, IL
&nbsp;
Hiring Lab Career advice Browse jobs Browse companies Salaries Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help ESG at Indeed
© 2025 IndeedYour Privacy ChoicesAccessibility at Indeed Privacy Center and Ad Choices Terms