Sales Development Representative | DACH - Berlin - Indeed.com
Startpagina
Bedrijfsreviews
Salarischeck
Inloggen
Inloggen
Werkgevers / Plaats vacature
1 new update
Begin van hoofdcontent
Wat
Waar
Vacatures zoeken
Deze vacature is verlopen op
Indeed
Mogelijke redenen zijn: de werkgever accepteert momenteel geen
sollicitaties, is niet actief op zoek naar nieuwe medewerkers of is bezig
met het beoordelen van sollicitaties
Sales Development Representative | DACH
=======================================
DeepL
3.33.3 van de 5 sterren
Berlin
Hybride werken
Fulltime
DeepL
-----
3 reviews
Lees wat andere gebruikers over dit bedrijf te zeggen hebben.
Locatie
-------
Berlin
&nbsp;
Volledige
vacaturetekst
-----------------------
**Meet DeepL**
==============
DeepL is a global communications platform powered by Language AI.
Since 2017, we’ve been on a mission to break down language barriers.
Our human-sounding translations and intelligent writing suggestions
are designed with enterprise security in mind. Today, they enable
over 100,000 businesses to transform communications, reach new
markets, and improve productivity. And, empower millions of
individuals worldwide to make sense of the world and express their
ideas.
Our goal is to become the global leader in Language AI, building
products that drive better communication, foster connections, and
make a real-life impact. To achieve this, we need talented
individuals like you to join our exciting journey. If you're ready
to work with a dynamic team and build your career in the fast-moving
AI space, DeepL is your next destination.
**What sets us apart**
----------------------
What sets us apart is our blend of modern technology, competitive
benefits, and an open, welcoming work culture that enables our
people to thrive. When we share what it's like to work at DeepL, the
reactions are overwhelmingly positive. This may be because of our
products that have helped countless people worldwide or our shared
mission to improve communication for individuals and businesses,
bringing cultures closer together. What we know for sure is this:
being part of DeepL means joining a team dedicated to innovation and
employee well-being. Discover what our teams have to say about life
at DeepL on LinkedIn, Instagram and our Blog.
Are you ready to take ownership of your own sales territory and drive
a high-quality pipeline in one of Europe's most exciting AI
companies? Do you thrive in a fast-paced, high-growth environment
where strategy, execution and impact go hand in hand? If so, this
could be the perfect opportunity for you!
We are looking for a Sales Development Representative (SDR) for the
DACH region (Germany, Austria, Switzerland) to join our world-class
team. As an SDR, you play a crucial role in driving new business by
prospecting, executing strategic outbound campaigns, and generating
excitement around our AI-powered B2B solutions.
**Your responsibilities**
-------------------------
* Nurture and collaborate with Strategic Account Executives
(AEs) to develop and execute an outbound strategy that drives a
high-quality pipeline.
* Take full ownership of your territory – become a trusted
advisor to prospects and position our AI-powered B2B product
suite as an indispensable solution.
* Engage with key decision-makers through various channels
(telephone, email, LinkedIn) to spark curiosity and enthusiasm
for our technology.
* Meet and exceed monthly targets by quickly and accurately
establishing high-quality, targeted contacts.
* Ensure data accuracy and efficiency of the sales process by
carefully tracking all activities in Salesforce and
Salesloft.
* Become part of a dynamic, collaborative team – exchange best
practices, participate in team initiatives and go above and
beyond your individual quota.
**Qualities we look for**
-------------------------
* ***Fluency in English and German are mandatory for this
role - please do not to apply if you don't meet this
requirement.***
* Active listening skills and natural curiosity to gather
customer requirements and connect them to the DeepL product
suite.
* Ability to give feedback where required & take feedback;,
looking for candidates with a growth mindset who are hungry to
learn from their peers and share best practices.
* Ability to work under pressure in a fast paced and dynamic
environment that’s constantly changing.
* Ability to multi-task, prioritize and manage time
effectively
* Excellent verbal and written communication skills
* Passionate about developing a career in technology sales
* Minimum 6 months successful sales experience (ideally in a
SaaS environment in Inside Sales, SDR, BDR etc.)
* Team player who looks out for others and proactively helps
the team
If you are interested in working at the intersection of AI and sales,
building a high-performing outbound function, and shaping the future
of the DACH region, we would love to hear from you!
**Apply now and take your sales career to the next level!**
**We are an equal opportunity
employer**
----------------------------------------
You are welcome at DeepL for who you are—we appreciate authenticity
here. Our product is for everyone, and so is our workplace. The more
voices we have represented and amplified in our business, the more
we will all succeed, contribute, and think forward! So bring us your
personal experience, your perspectives, and your background. It’s in
our diversity that we will find the power to break down language
barriers in the world.
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
Vacature
rapporteren
&nbsp;
Sales
Representative vacatures in Berlin
Vacatures bij DeepL in
Berlin
Sales
Representative salarissen in Berlin
Carrièregids
Vacatures zoeken
Bedrijven bekijken
Salarissen
Indeed Events
Werken bij Indeed
Indeed wereldwijd
Over Indeed Help
© 2025 IndeedToegankelijkheid bij Indeed
Privacycenter en Ad Choices
DSA-rapportage
Pagina Online veiligheid
Cookies Voorwaarden