Mid Market Account Executive, Benelux (Dutch Speaking) - Amsterdam - Indeed.com
Startpagina
Bedrijfsreviews
Salarischeck
Inloggen
Inloggen
Werkgevers / Plaats vacature
1 new update
Begin van hoofdcontent
WatWaarVacatures zoeken
Deze vacature is verlopen op Indeed
Mogelijke redenen zijn: de werkgever accepteert momenteel geen sollicitaties, is niet actief op zoek naar nieuwe medewerkers of is bezig met het beoordelen van sollicitaties
Mid Market Account Executive, Benelux (Dutch Speaking)
======================================================
Zoom
3.83.8 van de 5 sterren
Amsterdam
Hybride werken
Fulltime
Zoom
----
45 reviews
Lees wat andere gebruikers over dit bedrijf te zeggen hebben.
Locatie
-------
Amsterdam
&nbsp;
Volledige vacaturetekst
-----------------------
What you can expect
As a MidMarket Account Executive, you will be responsible for managing and growing a portfolio of accounts
in the Midmarket segment.
About the Team
The Zoom sales team is a dynamic force driving the company's success. With a focus on delivering cutting edge communication solutions for clients across all sectors, the team passionately engages with clients
worldwide. Through strategic partnerships and a customer-centric approach, they play a pivotal role in
expanding Zoom's global presence and ensuring businesses harness the full potential of virtual collaboration.
Responsibilities
* Meeting or exceed sales and product objectives, utilizing solution-selling techniques to guide sales process to close
* Qualifying leads and identifying prospect needs, engaging technical resources as required
* Creating client demos/ presentations, quotes/ proposals, and Quarterly Business Reviews
* Utilizing Salesforce CRM to provide timely sales activity tracking updates
* Developing and leveraging business within new and existing accounts, manage complex sales
* situations and campaigns
* Working strategically with management to deliver forecasts, identify trending
* opportunities/challenges, recommending solutions
What we’re looking for
* Have a Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience
* Have some great Account Executive experience in a Technology company
* Have direct SaaS/Cloud or web conferencing solutions selling experience, as well as outbound sales
* experience
* Be able to demonstrate excellent presentations skill with the ability to build relevant, strategic
* messaging
* Have business forecasting, pipeline development, and management skills, with a record of closed
* sales and client satisfaction
* Be detail oriented, organized, ethical, responsible, and self-motivated
* Have excellent Internet research skills with excellent PC literacy [Excel, Outlook, Word, PowerPoint]
* and Salesforce CRM experience
* Have excellent verbal skills, speaking English at a high professional level, with consultative
* professional business acumen
Ways of Working
Our structured hybrid approach is centered around our offices and remote work environments. The work style of each role, Hybrid, Remote, or In-Person is indicated in the job description/posting.
Benefits
As part of our award-winning workplace culture and commitment to delivering happiness, our benefits program offers a variety of perks, benefits, and options to help employees maintain their physical, mental, emotional, and financial health; support work-life balance; and contribute to their community in meaningful ways.
About Us
Zoomies help people stay connected so they can get more done together. We set out to build the best collaboration platform for the enterprise, and today help people communicate better with products like Zoom Contact Center, Zoom Phone, Zoom Events, Zoom Apps, Zoom Rooms, and Zoom Webinars.
We’re problem-solvers, working at a fast pace to design solutions with our customers and users in mind. Find room to grow with opportunities to stretch your skills and advance your career in a collaborative, growth-focused environment.
Our Commitment
At Zoom, we believe great work happens when people feel supported and empowered. We’re committed to fair hiring practices that ensure every candidate is evaluated based on skills, experience, and potential. If you require an accommodation during the hiring process, let us know—we’re here to support you at every step.
If you need assistance navigating the interview process due to a medical disability, please submit an Accommodations Request Form and someone from our team will reach out soon. This form is solely for applicants who require an accommodation due to a qualifying medical disability. Non-accommodation-related requests, such as application follow-ups or technical issues, will not be addressed.
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
Vacature rapporteren
### Salarisgegevens toevoegen
Beoordeel Zoom
Bekijk Zoom review voor Amsterdam, NH
Bekijk Account Executive review voor Zoom
Review for Account Executive at Zoom, Amsterdam, NH
Salarislink voor Zoom
Salaries for Zoom, Amsterdam, NH
Salaries for Account Executive at Zoom
Salaries for Account Executive at Zoom, Amsterdam, NH
Salarislink voor Account Executive
Salaries for Account Executive, Amsterdam, NH
### Vergelijkbare functiegroepen
Makelaars jobs
### Artikelen Carrièregids
Deelnemen aan een Microsoft Teams-vergadering
Een aantal tips voor tekstschrijvers
Met welke opleiding word je klinisch chemicus?
Wat doet een econometrist?
Wat doet een muziekproducer?
Wat is een microbioloog?
Wat is het model van Korthagen?
Wat is het salaris van een schilder?
Werken in Dubai via een Nederlands bedrijf
Werken op een containerschip: 12 beroepen
### Vergelijkbare vacatures in de buurt
Account Executive vacatures in Amstelveen
Account Executive vacatures in Amsterdam
Account Executive vacatures in Amsterdam-Zuidoost
* Carrièregids
* Vacatures zoeken
* Bedrijven bekijken
* Salarissen
* Indeed Events
* Werken bij Indeed
* Indeed wereldwijd
* Over Indeed
* Help
* © 2025 Indeed
* Toegankelijkheid bij Indeed
* Privacycenter en Ad Choices
* DSA-rapportage
* Pagina Online veiligheid
* Cookies
* Voorwaarden