Fullstack Software Engineer (Python / JavaScript / TypeScript) - Join Our Innovative OMS Team - 22305 Hamburg - Indeed.com
Startseite
Unternehmensbewertungen
Gehälter finden
Anmelden
Anmelden
Arbeitgeber/Jobschaltung
1 new update
Beginn des Hauptinhalts
WasWoJobs finden
Diese Stellenanzeige ist auf Indeed abgelaufen
Mögliche Gründe: Der Arbeitgeber akzeptiert keine Bewerbungen, ist nicht aktiv auf der Suche nach neuen Mitarbeitern oder prüft derzeit die eingegangen Bewerbungen
Fullstack Software Engineer (Python / JavaScript / TypeScript) - Join Our Innovative OMS Team
=============================================================================================
DIGITEC Financial Technologies and Services GmbH
22305 Hamburg
Vollzeit
Arbeitsort
----------
22305 Hamburg
&nbsp;
Vollständige Stellenbeschreibung
--------------------------------
#### **Your role and responsibilities**
Following the successful launch of our D3 OMS real-time trading solution, we are excited to expand our team with a Fullstack Software Engineer. This pivotal role will see you collaborating closely with our Team Lead Fullstack Engineer in Hamburg, contributing not only to the ongoing development of our software but also playing a key role in process improvement initiatives within the team.
D3 OMS is a new Order Management System that automates interdealer FX Swaps workflows and connects to trading venues. It enables traders to automate and enhance their current workflows, managing interdealer FX Swaps orders from a single screen.
**Your Responsibilities:**
* Bring fresh perspectives and ideas to the evolution of our software within our dynamic development team.
* Contribute to improving development processes related to testing and deployment.
* Build features based on client feedback that span the front- and back-end of the system.
* Play a vital role in shaping the continuous evolution of our trading system. Your involvement spans crucial decisions related to design, architecture, and their subsequent implementation.
#### **Skills and experiences we‘re interested in**
* 1-3 years of web development experience, preferably with Python and JavaScript.
* Proficiency in English.
* Showcase your strong software development skills, ideally gained through collaborative team experiences.
* Demonstrate proficiency in server-side Python, with a preference for Linux environments and real-time systems.
* Familiarity with Web frameworks such as Django, Flask or FastAPI is a plus.
* Highlight your experience with Front-End Web application Frameworks such as Angular or React.
* Showcase familiarity with code development, testing, and deployment processes and tools.
* Familiarity with containerization technologies is a plus.
* Embrace a client-centric and collaborative approach, reflecting our mission to solve essential client problems within financial markets.
#### **What we offer as an employer**
* **Join an Innovative Leader:** Be part of a pioneering SaaS tech company recognised as the global standard in its category, experiencing impressive double-digit annual growth.
* **Transform a Major Market:** Contribute to our mission of revolutionising the FX Swaps market with cutting-edge solutions and technologies.
* **Be part of an international work force:** Work within a truly multi-national team, collaborating with colleagues from across the globe, located in London, Hamburg, and Singapore.
* **Make an Impact:** Hone your skills in small teams where your ideas matter, actively shaping your role and driving your personal growth.
* **Enjoy Competitive Benefits:** Benefit from a competitive compensation and benefits package, including 30 days of annual paid leave
* **Invest in Your Development:** Access a €1,000 yearly budget dedicated to further education and professional development.
* **Flexible Working Environment:** Work flexibly with our hybrid model with 40% of your time being mobile work, participating on team days, frequent events, and celebrations.
* **Modern Workspaces:** Enjoy our modern office spaces located in the heart of London and Hamburg.
#### **About us**
DIGITEC Financial Technologies and Services GmbH stands at the forefront of the financial technology sector, renowned for developing cutting-edge software solutions. Our innovative products encompass a wide spectrum, from pricing and settlement solutions for FX/MM businesses to FX market data services. With over 40 prominent banks worldwide, spanning Europe, America, Asia, and Australia, among our esteemed clientele, we have solidified our position as a global leader.
At the heart of our success is our exceptional team, comprised of approximately 60 dedicated professionals boasting expertise in software development, financial mathematics, sales, IT systems, and more. Operating from three key locations—Hamburg (headquarters), London, and Singapore—we champion equal opportunities and foster a culture of respect and collaboration, ensuring a welcoming and supportive work environment for all.
Join us as we continue to redefine the landscape of financial technology with DIGITEC.
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
Diesen Job melden
### Fügen Sie Gehaltsangaben hinzu
Gehaltslink für Full Stack Developer
Salaries for Full Stack Developer, Hamburg, HH
&nbsp;
### Karriere-Guide-Artikel
Elterngeld und Minijob: Ein Leitfaden für Eltern
Fähigkeiten als Einrichter (m/w/d): Wichtige Skills für den beruflichen Erfolg
Methoden zur Selbstorganisation: Diese Möglichkeiten gibt es
So hoch ist das Gehalt als Nautiker\*in
Urologe: Gehalt
Vollständiger Leitfaden für das Arbeitszeugnis
Was macht ein Gießereimechaniker (m/w/d)?
Was macht ein/e Hufschmied\*in?
Welche Psychologie-Berufe gibt es?
Wie viel verdienen Prokurist\*innen?
&nbsp;
### Ähnliche Jobs in der Nähe
Full Stack Developer Jobs in Hamburg
Full Stack Developer Jobs in Hamburg-Wandsbek
&nbsp;
Hiring Lab Karriere-Guide Jobs finden Unternehmen suchen Gehalt Indeed Events Karriere bei Indeed Länder Über uns Hilfe
© 2025 IndeedBarrierefreiheit bei Indeed Datenschutzzentrum und Ad Choices Meldung gemäß dem Gesetz über digitale Dienste Seite zur Online-Sicherheit Cookies Nutzungsbedingungen