Senior Account Manager - Gouda - Indeed.com
Startpagina
Bedrijfsreviews
Salarischeck
Inloggen
Inloggen
Werkgevers / Plaats vacature
1 new update
Begin van hoofdcontent
WatWaarVacatures zoeken
Deze vacature is verlopen op Indeed
Mogelijke redenen zijn: de werkgever accepteert momenteel geen sollicitaties, is niet actief op zoek naar nieuwe medewerkers of is bezig met het beoordelen van sollicitaties
Senior Account Manager
======================
Cargill
3.73.7 van de 5 sterren
Gouda
Cargill
-------
6,297 reviews
Lees wat andere gebruikers over dit bedrijf te zeggen hebben.
Locatie
-------
Gouda
&nbsp;
Volledige vacaturetekst
-----------------------
Cargill’s size and scale allows us to make a positive impact in the world. Our purpose is to nourish the world in a safe, responsible and sustainable way.
Cargill is a family company providing food, ingredients, agricultural solutions and industrial products that are vital for living. We connect farmers with markets so they can prosper. We connect customers with ingredients so they can make meals people love. And we connect families with daily essentials — from eggs to edible oils, salt to skincare, feed to alternative fuel. Our 160,000 colleagues, operating in 70 countries, make essential products that touch billions of lives each day. Join us and reach your higher purpose at Cargill.
This position is in Cargill’s Bioindustrial business, where customers rely on us to consistently deliver the products and services they need, and use our technical expertise and market knowledge to develop innovative products. Job Purpose and Impact
The Senior Account Manager will focus on a few of the company's key accounts and new business within the designated market of resins. In this role, you will handle critical or complex products that require excellent client relationship skills to develop the business for niche applications.
Key Accountabilities
Develop a plan to establish and maintain account relationships and meet personal sales targets.
Build a business plan for new business.
Coordinate use of resource to provide value added services to accounts.
Develop strong client relationships that provide significant input to planning product, price and service strategies.
Support supervisor and other sales professionals in developing new market opportunities in the designated territory or market.
Independently handle complex issues with minimal supervision, while escalating only the most complex issues to appropriate staff.
Other duties as assigned Qualifications
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelor’s degree in a related field or equivalent experience
Minimum of four years of related work experience
Other minimum qualifications may apply
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelor's degree in chemistry or equivalent
Proven experience in (consultative) technical selling or specialty selling in manufacturing chemicals
Polymers experience is a plus
Proficient in English and good knowledge of Dutch
Key account management experience
Travel up to 50% in Benelux
Our Offer
We provide a fast paced stimulating international environment, which will stretch your abilities and channel your talents. We also offer competitive salary and benefits combined with outstanding career development opportunities in one of the largest and most solid private companies in the world.
Interested? Then make sure to send us your CV and cover letter in English today:
**Follow us on LinkedIn:** https://www.linkedin.com/company/cargill
Cargill is committed to being an inclusive employer. Click here to find out more https://careers.cargill.com/diversity/
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
Vacature rapporteren
### Salarisgegevens toevoegen
Beoordeel Cargill
Bekijk Cargill review voor Gouda, ZH
Bekijk Senior Account Manager review voor Cargill
Review for Senior Account Manager at Cargill, Gouda, ZH
Salarislink voor Cargill
Salaries for Cargill, Gouda, ZH
Salaries for Senior Account Manager at Cargill
Salaries for Senior Account Manager at Cargill, Gouda, ZH
Salarislink voor Senior Account Manager
Salaries for Senior Account Manager, Gouda, ZH
### Artikelen Carrièregids
Competentie: doorzettingsvermogen
Discipline en doorzettingsvermogen ontwikkelen
Het verschil tussen kwaliteiten en vaardigheden
Hoe doe je vrijwilligerswerk in een museum?
Mag je werken in vastgoed zonder diploma?
Voorbeeld van een cv voor een area manager (met tips)
Wat doet een coach?
Wat doet een forensisch psycholoog?
Wat houdt een tuinarchitect opleiding in?
Wat is een organogram en wat heb je eraan?
* Carrièregids
* Vacatures zoeken
* Bedrijven bekijken
* Salarissen
* Indeed Events
* Werken bij Indeed
* Indeed wereldwijd
* Over Indeed
* Help
* © 2025 Indeed
* Toegankelijkheid bij Indeed
* Privacycenter en Ad Choices
* DSA-rapportage
* Pagina Online veiligheid
* Cookies
* Voorwaarden