Senior Software Engineer - Chicago, IL 60602 - Indeed.com
Home
Company reviews
Find salaries
Sign in
Sign in
Employers / Post Job
1 new update
Start of main content
WhatWhereFind Jobs
This job has expired on Indeed
Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications
Senior Software Engineer
========================
CIBC
3.73.7 out of 5 stars
70 West Madison Street, Chicago, IL 60602
Hybrid work
$120,000 - $140,000 a year - Full-time
CIBC
----
4,313 reviews
Read what people are saying about working here.
Benefits Pulled from the full job description
---------------------------------------------
* Parental leave
* 401(k)
* Health insurance
* Paid time off
* Vision insurance
* Health savings account
* Dental insurance
Show morechevron down
&nbsp;
Full job description
--------------------
We’re building a relationship-oriented bank for the modern world. We need talented, passionate professionals who are dedicated to doing what’s right for our clients.
At CIBC, we embrace your strengths and your ambitions, so you are empowered at work. Our team members have what they need to make a meaningful impact and are truly valued for who they are and what they contribute.
To learn more about CIBC, please visit
CIBC.com
Job Overview
The Senior Software Engineer is responsible for the detailed technical design and development of applications using various technology platforms. The role performs tasks of technical depth and breadth, utilizing a solid understanding of business dynamics to conduct impact analysis and provide feedback on problems with recommended solutions. The Senior Software Engineer determines methods and approaches to projects, transforming business requirements specifications into programming instructions, designing, coding and testing programs. The role uses judgement and autonomy on day to day tasks, exercising considerable latitude to conduct data source analysis and negotiate with users regarding requirements.
The Senior Software Engineer collaborates with developers, architects, and infrastructure specialists to gather requirements and conduct research to evaluate the application of new and emerging tools and techniques, identifying patterns and best practices to consider in technology proposals while anticipating long term business issues. The role devises new methods and procedures using strong analytic and inductive thinking, developing project plans based on appropriate standards and methodology.
Work arrangement
This is a hybrid role with an expectation to be in office at least 2 days per week in Chicago Downtown, rest of the days maybe remote.
What you will be doing
* You will be joining CIBC’s Bank USA Application Development team. As a Senior Software Engineer, you will be building software solutions using languages and technologies of the .NET framework. You will create applications from scratch, configure existing systems and provide user support.
* In this role, you should be able to write functional code with a sharp eye for spotting defects. You should be a collaborator and excellent communicator. If you are also enthusiastic about the .NET framework and software design/architecture, we would like to meet you.
* Your goal will be to collaborate with internal teams to design, develop and maintain software.
Responsibilities
* Participate in requirements analysis.
* Collaborate with internal teams to produce software design and architecture.
* Write clean, scalable code using .NET programming languages.
Requirements
7 years or more as a proven .NET Developer or Application Developer Familiarity with the ASP.NET framework, SQL Server, and design/architectural patterns (e.g. Model-View-Controller (MVC)). Knowledge of at least one of the .NET languages (e.g. C#, Visual Basic .NET) and HTML5/CSS. Familiarity with architecture styles/APIs (REST, RPC) Understanding of Agile methodologies
Experience with MS Azure, Team Foundation Server(TFS), Azure DevOps (ADO) and GIT is required. You should have familiarity with architecture styles/APIs (REST, RPC), understanding of Agile methodologies, and excellent troubleshooting and communication skills. Ideally, you understand patterns of designing applications for cloud and have knowledge of Agile methodology and experience working in a Scrum team.
It’s an asset if you are:
* Fluent in Object Oriented Design, JSON and RESTFul web services, and if you have written Unit Test and UI Automation Tests.
* Excellent troubleshooting and communication skills Attention to detail
* Test and deploy applications and systems.
* Revise, update, refactor and debug code.
* Improve existing software.
* Develop documentation throughout the software development life cycle (SDLC)
* Serve as an expert on applications and provide technical support.
* BSc/BA in Computer Science, Engineering or a related field
* AZ-900 certification preferred.
California residents — your privacy rights regarding your actual or prospective employment
*At CIBC, we offer a competitive total rewards package. This role has an expected salary range of $120,000.00 - $140,000.00 for the Chicago market based on experience, qualifications, and location of the position. The successful candidate may be eligible to participate in the relevant business unit’s incentive compensation plan, which may also include a discretionary bonus component. CIBC offers a full range of benefits and programs to meet our employee’s needs; including Medical, Dental, Vision, Health Savings Account, Life Insurance, Disability, and Other Insurance Plans, Paid Time Off (including Sick Leave, Parental Leave and Vacation), Holidays and 401(k), in addition to other special perks reserved for our team members.”*
*This position does not offer visa sponsorship.*
#LI-TA
What CIBC Offers
At CIBC, your goals are a priority. We start with your strengths and ambitions as an employee and strive to create opportunities to tap into your potential. We aspire to give you a career, rather than just a paycheck.
* We work to recognize you in meaningful, personalized ways including a competitive salary, incentive pay, banking benefits, a benefits program\*, a vacation offering, wellbeing support, and MomentMakers, our social, points-based recognition program.
* Our spaces and technological toolkit will make it simple to bring together great minds to create innovative solutions that make a difference for our clients.
* We cultivate a culture where you can express your ambition through initiatives like Purpose Day; a paid day off dedicated for you to use to invest in your growth and development.
* Subject to plan and program terms and conditions
What you need to know
* CIBC is committed to creating an inclusive environment where all team members and clients feel like they belong. We seek applicants with a wide range of abilities and we provide an accessible candidate experience. If you need accommodation, please contact
Mailbox.careers-carrieres@cibc.com
* You need to be legally eligible to work at the location(s) specified above and, where applicable, must have a valid work or study permit.
* We may ask you to complete an attribute-based assessment and other skills tests (such as simulation, coding, MS Office). Our goal for the application process is to get to know more about you, all that you have to offer, and give you the opportunity to learn more about us.
Job Location
IL-70 W Madison St, 8th Fl
Employment Type
Regular
Weekly Hours
40
Skills
AJAX (Programming), Analytical Thinking, Application Development, Applications Programming, C Sharp (Programming Language), Emerging Technologies, JavaScript, Microsoft .NET Development, Microsoft ASP.NET, Microsoft Azure, Microsoft SQL Server, Model-View-Controller (MVC), RESTful APIs, Stored Procedures, Work Collaboratively
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
Report job
### Company and salary information
Review for CIBC
Review for CIBC, Chicago, IL
Review for Senior Software Engineer at CIBC
Review for Senior Software Engineer at CIBC, Chicago, IL
Salaries for CIBC
Salaries for CIBC, Chicago, IL
Salaries for Senior Software Engineer at CIBC
Salaries for Senior Software Engineer at CIBC, Chicago, IL
Salaries for Senior Software Engineer
Salaries for Senior Software Engineer, Chicago, IL
### Jobs with similar titles
Cibc jobs
Computer Engineer jobs
Front End Developer jobs
Game Developer jobs
Senior Software Engineer jobs
Software Developer jobs
Software Developer jobs
Software Engineer jobs
Software Engineer jobs
### Similar job categories
Cibc jobs
Computer Engineer jobs
Front End Developer jobs
Front End Developer jobs
Full Stack Developer jobs
Game Developer jobs
Senior Software Engineer jobs
Software Developer jobs
Software Engineer jobs
### Career Guide articles
9 Sports Broadcasting Jobs
Active Duty: FAQs
How To Compress a Word Document Using 7 Methods
How To Use VLOOKUP With Multiple Values (5 Steps Plus Tips)
How To Write a Resume Objective for a Caregiver Position
Interview: "Why Do You Want To Work in Our School District?"
Managing Reputation and Competitive Risk in Business
What Are Carpentry Skills? (And Tips To Improve Them)
What Is Customer Order Cycle Time? (Plus How To Measure It)
What Is Operations Research? (Definition and Examples)
### Similar jobs nearby
Senior Software Engineer jobs in Chicago, IL
* Hiring Lab
* Career advice
* Browse jobs
* Browse companies
* Salaries
* Indeed Events
* Work at Indeed
* Countries
* About
* Help
* ESG at Indeed
* © 2025 Indeed
* Your Privacy Choices
* Accessibility at Indeed
* Privacy Center and Ad Choices
* Terms