Software Engineer II, FullStack, Core - München - Indeed.com
Startseite
Unternehmensbewertungen
Gehälter finden
Anmelden
Anmelden
Arbeitgeber/Jobschaltung
1 new update
Beginn des Hauptinhalts
WasWoJobs finden
Diese Stellenanzeige ist auf Indeed abgelaufen
Mögliche Gründe: Der Arbeitgeber akzeptiert keine Bewerbungen, ist nicht aktiv auf der Suche nach neuen Mitarbeitern oder prüft derzeit die eingegangen Bewerbungen
Software Engineer II, FullStack, Core
=====================================
Google
4.34.3 von 5 Sternen
München
Vollzeit
Google
------
5,979 Bewertungen
Lesen Sie, was andere Nutzer über diesen Arbeitgeber sagen.
JobUnternehmen
Arbeitsort
----------
München
&nbsp;
Vollständige Stellenbeschreibung
--------------------------------
**Minimum qualifications:**
* Bachelor’s degree or equivalent practical experience.
* 1 year of experience with software development in one or more programming languages (e.g., Python, C, C++, Java, JavaScript).
* 1 year of experience with data structures or algorithms.
* 1 year of experience with full stack development, across back-end such as Java, Python, GO, or C++ codebases, and front-end experience including JavaScript or TypeScript, HTML, CSS or equivalent.
**Preferred qualifications:**
* Experience developing accessible technologies.
* Experience in the privacy domain and working with legal teams.
* Experience with text and translation management.
About the job
Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.
The Core team builds the technical foundation behind Google’s flagship products. We are owners and advocates for the underlying design elements, developer platforms, product components, and infrastructure at Google. These are the essential building blocks for excellent, safe, and coherent experiences for our users and drive the pace of innovation for every developer. We look across Google’s products to build central solutions, break down technical barriers and strengthen existing systems. As the Core team, we have a mandate and a unique opportunity to impact important technical decisions across the company.
Responsibilities
* Write product or system development code.
* Contribute to the overall quality of the code and the products of the team.
* Write backend and frontend code in multiple technologies.
* Communicate and lead discussions with legal and cross-functional partners.
* Improve the overall accessibility of the teams products.
Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See alsoGoogle's EEO Policy andEEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing ourAccommodations for Applicants form.
&nbsp;
Diesen Job melden
### Fügen Sie Gehaltsangaben hinzu
Bewerten Sie Google
Google Bewertung für München, BY ansehen
Full Stack Developer Bewertung für Google ansehen
Review for Full Stack Developer at Google, München, BY
Gehaltslink für Google
Salaries for Google, München, BY
Salaries for Full Stack Developer at Google
Salaries for Full Stack Developer at Google, München, BY
Gehaltslink für Full Stack Developer
Salaries for Full Stack Developer, München, BY
### Ähnliche Jobkategorien
Berufe Technischen Kundenbetreuung jobs
Berufe Webdesign User Experience jobs
### Karriere-Guide-Artikel
Au-pair in Japan
Das Studium zum Archivar (m/w/d) im Überblick
Gehalt als Insolvenzverwalter (m/w/d): So hoch fällt es aus
Gerichtsmediziner (m/w/d) werden: So gehts!
Schönheitschirurg\*in – Alle Infos zum Studium
Tätowierer\*innen-Ausbildung – So werden Sie zum Tattoo-Artist
Was is eine Produktionsleitung? Aufgaben & Fähigkeiten
Was macht man in der medizinischen Physik?
Wie viel verdient man in IT-Berufen? Gehaltsaussichten
Wie werde ich Schulbegleiter\*in?
### Ähnliche Jobs in der Nähe
Full Stack Developer Jobs in München
* Hiring Lab
* Karriere-Guide
* Jobs finden
* Unternehmen suchen
* Gehalt
* Indeed Events
* Karriere bei Indeed
* Länder
* Über uns
* Hilfe
* © 2025 Indeed
* Barrierefreiheit bei Indeed
* Datenschutzzentrum und Ad Choices
* Meldung gemäß dem Gesetz über digitale Dienste
* Seite zur Online-Sicherheit
* Cookies
* Nutzungsbedingungen