Software Engineering Intern - Rosemont, IL - Indeed.com
Home
Company reviews
Find salaries
Sign in
Sign in
Employers / Post Job
1 new update
Start of main content
WhatWhereFind Jobs
This job has expired on Indeed
Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications
Software Engineering Intern
===========================
Intelligent Medical Objects
3.53.5 out of 5 stars
Rosemont, IL
$20 - $22 an hour - Full-time, Internship
Intelligent Medical Objects
---------------------------
19 reviews
Read what people are saying about working here.
Full job description
--------------------
Research shows that women and underrepresented groups only apply to jobs only if they think they meet 100% of the qualifications on a job description. IMO Health is committed to considering all candidates even if you don’t think you meet 100% of the qualifications listed. We look forward to receiving your application!
IMO Health is a clinical data intelligence business improving how data is used across the healthcare landscape. Combining rich, highly nuanced medical terminology, extensive domain knowledge, and artificial intelligence (AI), we expertly structure and operationalize clinical data to generate sharper insights and inform more intelligent decision-making.
**This position follows a hybrid work model, with three days onsite (Tuesday through Thursday) at our Rosemont HQ, Chicago, or Houston office.**
We are currently in need of **Software Engineering Intern** to join our team!
Gain experience writing, clean, quality, and testable code in a fast-paced collaborative environment. Contribute to innovative approaches to complex problems. Work and learn in a small cross functional agile team. Lead and participate in design and architecture decisions. Be passionate and continue to hone your craft in real world scenarios.
Please only apply if you can be on-site in our Rosemont, IL office Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday every week.
We are looking to make a full-time offer to a successful intern and are seeking a rising Senior for this role.
### **What You'll Do:**
* + Deliver quality code via unit and integration testing through a suite of automated tests.
+ Perform basic source code management tasks at the direction of more senior software engineers
+ Work with the team who are responsible for coding, validating, debugging, reliability, performance analysis and the ongoing operational aspects of the product in an Agile environment
+ Troubleshoot and resolves low to moderate complexity software bugs or issues, with close direction from more senior software engineers, and finds the root cause
+ Write automated unit and integration-level tests with direction from other team members
+ Follow development standards and effectively demonstrates technical solutions to other software engineers in code reviews
+ Coordinate with all cross functional team members to analyze issues
+ Document unit test procedures and participate in software development process to perform all tests on designs and ensure compliance with development standards
+ Work cooperatively with team members to manage conflict constructively and foster trust, commitment, accountability.
+ Deliver quality product leveraging the values of transparency, inspection and adaptation
+ Take ownership to proactively anticipate the implications and consequences of situations
+ Implement creative solutions to technical challenges and embraces out-of-the-box thinking
$20 - $22 an hour
At IMO Health, we celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. IMO Health is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer.
IMO Health also provides visa sponsorship opportunities. Please don't hesitate to apply if you meet all the qualifications for this position and require visa sponsorship.
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
Report job
### Company and salary information
Review for Intelligent Medical Objects
Review for Intelligent Medical Objects, Rosemont, IL
Review for Software Engineer Intern at Intelligent Medical Objects
Review for Software Engineer Intern at Intelligent Medical Objects, Rosemont, IL
Salaries for Intelligent Medical Objects
Salaries for Intelligent Medical Objects, Rosemont, IL
Salaries for Software Engineer Intern at Intelligent Medical Objects
Salaries for Software Engineer Intern at Intelligent Medical Objects, Rosemont, IL
Salaries for Software Engineer Intern
Salaries for Software Engineer Intern, Rosemont, IL
### Career Guide articles
15 Sports and Leisure Jobs To Pursue (With Salaries)
24 Best Online Training Programs To Build Your Skills
7 Value-Based Interview Questions (Plus Sample Answers)
Executive Level Reporting: Definition, Benefits and Tips
FAQ: What Is a Zoologist?
How To Know If You're Valued at Work (Definition and Tips)
How To Write a Nail Technician Resume (With Example)
Letter of Recommendation for College Students (With Examples)
Tips To Fix Your Resume Before You Apply for a Job
What Is Boundary Testing? (Plus How It Works and Examples)
### Similar jobs nearby
Software Engineer Intern jobs in Niles, IL
Software Engineer Intern jobs in Rosemont, IL
* Hiring Lab
* Career advice
* Browse jobs
* Browse companies
* Salaries
* Indeed Events
* Work at Indeed
* Countries
* About
* Help
* ESG at Indeed
* © 2025 Indeed
* Your Privacy Choices
* Accessibility at Indeed
* Privacy Center and Ad Choices
* Terms