Senior Software Engineer I - Android - Deerfield, IL 60015 - Indeed.com
Home
Company reviews
Find salaries
Sign in
Sign in
Employers / Post Job
1 new update
Start of main content
WhatWhereFind Jobs
This job has expired on Indeed
Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications
Senior Software Engineer I - Android
====================================
WALGREENS
(part of Walgreens Boots Alliance)
3.43.4 out of 5 stars
108 Wilmot Road, Deerfield, IL 60015
$102,800 - $164,400 a year
WALGREENS
---------
47,430 reviews
Read what people are saying about working here.
Full job description
--------------------
**Job Summary:**
The Senior Software Engineer encompasses support for our Software delivery systems including (but not limited to) release engineering, release automation, project management, software deployment and configuration, as well as system monitoring. This role requires an in-depth knowledge of DevOps practice, test automation frameworks and a deep understanding of DevOps services as well as proven experience designing and implementing CI/CD pipelines. The ideal candidate will have technical expertise in this space, but also in mentoring and leading a team towards a high bar of excellence.
**Job Responsibilities:**
* Plans, designs, develops and tests software systems or applications for software enhancements and new products including cloud-based or internet-related tools. Writes code that meets specifications, typically for large and highly complex software programs and systems. Develops software applications and tools. Participates in software design.
* Writes code that meets specifications for large and complex software programs and systems.
* Develops software applications and tools. Participates in software design.
* Develops software applications and tools using Agile development methodologies.
* Delivers software features with exceptional quality, meeting designated release plans and delivery commitments
* This role is assigned to important / complicated undertakings
* Contributes to and participates actively in the design, architecture and build phases, to aim at producing high quality deliverables, working with existing architects where appropriate. Participates in the evaluation of compatibility of programs with existing communications hardware and software features.
* Interacts with internal and external peers and managers to exchange complex information related to areas of specialization. Works closely with other team members in guiding software architecture and technology decisions.
* Demonstrates proficiency in most areas of the professional function and in-depth specialization in some. Works on problems of diverse scope where analysis of data requires evaluation of identifiable factors. Anticipates and prevents problems and roadblocks before they occur.
* Networks with senior internal and external personnel in own area of expertise to exchange semi-complex information related to assigned activities.
* Developing professional expertise, applies company policies and procedures to resolve a variety of issues.
* Developing design skills. Has a comprehensive understanding of the organization's current software applications and tools. Has in-depth knowledge of programming languages important to the organization.
* Resolves a wide range of issues in creative ways.
* Developing design skills and has a comprehensive understanding of the organization's current software applications and tools. Has in-depth knowledge of programming languages important to the organization
* Anticipates and prevents problems and roadblocks before they occur.
* Mentors less experienced members of the team.
**About Walgreens**
Founded in 1901, Walgreens (www.walgreens.com) has a storied heritage of caring for communities for generations and proudly serves nearly 9 million customers and patients each day across its approximately 8,500 stores throughout the U.S. and Puerto Rico, and leading omni channel platforms. Walgreens has approximately 220,000 team members, including nearly 90,000 healthcare service providers, and is committed to being the first choice for retail pharmacy and health services, building trusted relationships that create healthier futures for customers, patients, team members and communities.
Walgreens is the flagship U.S. brand of Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. (Nasdaq: WBA), an integrated healthcare, pharmacy and retail leader. Its retail locations are a critical point of access and convenience in thousands of communities, with Walgreens pharmacists playing a greater role as part of the healthcare system and patients care teams than ever before. Walgreens Specialty Pharmacy provides critical care and pharmacy services to millions of patients with rare disease states and complex, chronic conditions.
The actual salary an employee can expect to receive, plus bonus pursuant to the terms of any bonus plan if applicable, will depend on experience, seniority, geographic location, and other factors permitted by law. To review benefits, please visit jobs.walgreens.com/benefits More Company information is available at www.walgreensbootsalliance.com.
**Basic Qualifications**
* Bachelor's degree and at least 4 years of experience in Engineering, Software Engineering or similar field OR a High School Diploma/GED and at least 7 years of experience in Engineering, Software Engineering or related field
* Experience in Engineering, Software Engineering or similar field
* Experience writing code for moderately complex applications
* Experience with programming languages for online applications, microservices or mobile applications
* Experience designing/building moderately complex applications/automation
* Experience writing automation test or deployment scripts
* Experience creating coding/scripting solutions to fix moderately complex problems
* Experience identifying operational issues and recommending and implementing strategies to resolve problems
* At least 1 year of direct leadership, indirect leadership and/or cross-functional team leadership.
* Willing to travel up to/at least (10%) of the time for business purposes (within state and out of state).
**Preferred Qualifications**
* Bachelor's degree in computer science, Information Technology or related field
* Experience identifying operational issues and recommending and implementing strategies to resolve problems
* Experience working in an Agile environment
* Specific “Preferred Qualifications” by specialty
* **DevOps**
* 5+ years of hands-on experience is Deployment automation for various applications IaaS, PaaS platforms on a Linux environment
* 5+ years of hands-on experience in automation software like Chef, Puppet, Ansible, Terraform or equivalent
* Excellent knowledge in implementation of CI/CD pipelines for Cloud deployments using containers/Docker
* Strong demonstrable experience in GIT Workflows, Pipelines, and code repository management
* Experience in working on Kubernetes platform on a microservices architecture and other DevOps tooling
* Good understanding of infrastructure components (e.g. databases, networking, cloud services, orchestration tools, containerization)
* Experience in operationalization Web and Mobile applications through monitoring and alerting for a polyglot application stack
* **Web/backend Developer**
* Previous experience with full stack development ranging from front-end user interfaces to back-end systems
* Expert level knowledge of software engineering best practices including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build process, testing & operations
* A mindset to take up most challenging coding tasks
* Proficiency in design, development, security & scalability of high-volume services implemented in Java, Node/Typescript, .NET, or Python etc.
* Strong demonstrated experience of Enterprise Integration Design patterns in development of loosely coupled & resilient systems
* Hands on with modern UI frameworks like React with excellent knowledge of client-side security & front-end design pattern (stateless components, conditional rendering, controlled components, hooks etc.)
* Demonstrable experience of design, development, query & database optimization of distributed SQL (e.g., Oracle, MySQL) & NoSQL (MongoDB, Cassandra) databases
* Strong knowledge of implementation, security, capacity planning & performance tuning of solutions deployed to Cloud technologies – Azure (ACS, AKS), Google, IBM, AWS or Cloud Foundry
* **Mobile Developer**
* 4+ Years of Mobile App development experience and excellent hands-on skill in Kotlin( Android)
* Experience in building testing automation tools using cloud platforms like AppCenter
* Experience in ReactNative Programming.
* Knowledge of software engineering best practices including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build process, testing & operations
* Experience integrating third party SDKs like Facebook, Adobe etc.
* Experience with integrating with Back-end Services ( APIs, GraphQL etc.)
* **Data & Analytics**
* 4+ years of experience in integrating, transforming and consolidating data from various structured and unstructured data systems for building analytics solutions in any cloud Platforms: Microsoft Azure, AWS or GCP
* 4 years of Experience in SQL, Java or Python programming
* Experience with relational and NoSQL databases such as Cosmos, Cassandra
* Working experience with dimensional data modeling and strong knowledge of best practices and solution patterns
* Knowledge in Azure cloud technologies like Data Flow, Data Bricks, Azure Synapse, Azure Analysis Services and Power BI Analytics
* Experience in Data Pipeline and integration workflow management tools: Talend, Store Proc, Change Data Capture (CDC), Spark & Azure APIs
* Experience in any of reporting tools like Power BI, Business objects, Cognos or Tableau
* Experience in data classification, naming, data design, and the creation of DDL
* Experience identifying operational issues and recommending fixes to resolve problems
**Salary Range:** $102800 - $164400 / Salaried
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
Report job
### Company and salary information
Review for WALGREENS
Review for WALGREENS, Deerfield, IL
Review for Senior Software Engineer at WALGREENS
Review for Senior Software Engineer at WALGREENS, Deerfield, IL
Salaries for WALGREENS
Salaries for WALGREENS, Deerfield, IL
Salaries for Senior Software Engineer at WALGREENS
Salaries for Senior Software Engineer at WALGREENS, Deerfield, IL
Salaries for Senior Software Engineer
Salaries for Senior Software Engineer, Deerfield, IL
&nbsp;
### Similar job categories
Front End Developer jobs
Game Developer jobs
&nbsp;
### Career Guide articles
14 Jobs for Train Workers (With Duties and Average Salaries)
Average Pay for Cleaning Houses (How To Set Rates)
Electrical Technician vs. Electrician: Definitions and Comparisons
How To Accomplish More During Your Workday in 10 Ways
How To Center Text in Microsoft Word (With Formatting Tips)
How To Write a Web Developer Resume Objective
What Is a Circular Business Model? (Plus Benefits and Types)
What Is a Clinical Nurse Leader?
What Is a Strategic Alliance?
What Is an Effective Advertising Team Structure? Full Guide
&nbsp;
### Similar jobs nearby
Senior Software Engineer jobs in Deerfield, IL
&nbsp;
Hiring Lab Career advice Browse jobs Browse companies Salaries Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help ESG at Indeed
© 2025 IndeedYour Privacy ChoicesAccessibility at Indeed Privacy Center and Ad Choices Terms