Sales Development Representative - Amsterdam - Indeed.com
Startpagina
Bedrijfsreviews
Salarischeck
Inloggen
Inloggen
Werkgevers / Plaats vacature
1 new update
Begin van hoofdcontent
WatWaarVacatures zoeken
Deze vacature is verlopen op Indeed
Mogelijke redenen zijn: de werkgever accepteert momenteel geen sollicitaties, is niet actief op zoek naar nieuwe medewerkers of is bezig met het beoordelen van sollicitaties
Sales Development Representative
================================
Carbon Robotics
Amsterdam
Fulltime
Locatie
-------
Amsterdam
&nbsp;
Volledige vacaturetekst
-----------------------
The **Carbon Robotics LaserWeeder™** leverages advanced robotics, computer vision, AI/deep learning, and lasers to eliminate weeds with sub-millimeter accuracy—all without herbicides. This innovative solution reduces environmental impact, promotes soil health, and helps farmers address labor shortages and rising costs. Designed in Seattle and built at our cutting-edge manufacturing facility in Richland, Washington, the LaserWeeder is setting a new standard for automated weed control. With $157 million in funding from prominent investors such as **BOND, NVentures (NVIDIA's venture arm), Anthos Capital, Fuse Venture Capital, Ignition Partners, Revolution, Sozo Ventures, and Voyager Capital**, Carbon Robotics is driving innovation.
As a no-nonsense team with a bias for action, we take pride in executing our ideas. Whether it's designing transformative technology or visiting farms to ensure our products are reliable and safe, we do whatever it takes to deliver for our customers.
Working here means tackling big problems with big impact. You'll find opportunities to grow professionally, solve complex challenges, and make meaningful contributions to a mission that matters. At Carbon Robotics, we trust our team to act independently and make practical, real-world decisions.
Join us as we innovate, execute, and build the future of farming together.
YouTube | X | Instagram | LinkedIn | News
**Location: Netherlands (Remote)**
**Languages: Multilingual, with preference for Italian, Portuguese, Spanish, and French. Eastern European languages is a plus.**
**Carbon Robotics Sales Development Representative** will own the coordinated process of developing a qualified pipeline in Carbon Robotics addressable target market. This is accomplished by setting meetings with target contacts that result from running proactive multi-touch and multi channel communication sequences into target accounts. These contact touch sequences make it possible to deliver relevant information about Laserweeding and use case specific content that effectively generates the pipeline that fuels Carbon Robotics revenue engine.
This position reports directly to the Director of Sales and requires heavy outbound phone calling, strategic email composition, linkedin & text messaging, implementing the highest levels of active listening skills, consultative selling skills and tight collaboration with HQ and Field Sales partners to generate new customers and maintain the existing customer base. The SDR will be expected to be data driven, able to self-manage their pipeline and report on touch activity, and stay thoroughly informed on all products and weed problems facing the farming industry at large. They must have the maturity, confidence, and willingness, to roll up their sleeves and work in close partnership with Field Sales, Marketing and various other departments to achieve their assigned tasks.
**Responsibilities:**
* Own prospecting activities, including Account, Contact and Lead management inside the companies CRM (Salesforce).
* Meet or exceed lead/meeting quota through email/phone/social based prospecting & qualification.
* Develop and execute on a strong prospecting plan of attack, including email copy, Practiced talk tracks, audience segmentation and approach.
* Qualify interested farmers and arrange deeper dive sales meetings for the field reps, or the HQ Sales director.
* Deliver sales presentations when necessary.
* Track all relevant activity using SalesForce.com (including prospect touches (emails, calls, social outreach) prospect pipeline, Account/Contact/Lead/Opportunity details, etc.)
* Quickly learn the technical aspects of the laserweeding product, effectively communicate the value proposition and be able to react to objections, competitive questions and other FAQ's.
* Provide business acumen for farmers and strive to understand the operational problems we are solving in order to best situated the laserweeder and exceed their expectations.
* Proactively manage your schedule, pipeline and campaigns in order to meet company deadlines and objectives.
* Collaborate successfully with HQ Sales, Field Sales and Marketing to optimize team-selling productivity.
* Provide value added market intelligence to the Sales, Marketing, Product, and Customer Success teams.
**Essential Skills:**
* Demonstrated ability to deliver above expectation results in driving pipeline revenue opportunities.
* Demonstrated ability to conduct extensive call and email campaigns and navigate complex accounts.
* Excellent organizational, analytical, and problem solving skills.
* Creative tactics to reach key decision makers and influencers.
* Team player with solid communication and presentation skills.
* Strong skills in google sheets data analysis & sales tools use.
* Ability to share best practices, continually improve processes and messaging, and provide clear and consistent reporting to leadership.
* Ability to work independently & proactively in a dynamic and aggressive startup environment.
* Expected to attend regional events and be able to travel to client sites as needed.
* We are looking for someone who is excited to work in a fast moving, high growth company with an opportunity to drive revenue growth and advance a career in sales.
**Why would you join Carbon Robotics?**
Passion for building teams capable of **solving uniquely interesting problems**. Innovation while **disrupting the market** is what we do. Profiled in WSJ and Forbes, Carbon Robotics is poised to become the next billion dollar company in the rapidly growing worldwide Ag-Tech industry.
**We offer competitive compensation and benefits to our full time US based\* employees, including:**
* Competitive salaries
* Pre-IPO Stock Options
* Generous Benefits:
+ Fully-paid medical, dental, and vision insurance premiums for you and all dependents
- Choice of PPO or HDHP/HSA
- Virtual Care - Doctor on Demand
- Employee Assistance Program
+ Mental Health HRA
+ Restricted Healthcare Travel support
+ Menopause Support
+ Life Insurance
+ Long Term Disability
+ Flexible PTO
+ 401(k) plan
+ Pet Insurance
+ Commuter Benefits
* Work Culture: Be a part of an inclusive and tight-knit company culture that values innovation and mission-driven success.
* Internationally based employees benefits varies & Contractors are not eligible for Carbon Robotics Benefits or Stock
**Carbon Robotics is building a culture of diversity and inclusion for all.** We welcome everyone's voice and believe in open and transparent communication. We believe the best products, services, and companies are built by strong teams that include a diversity of backgrounds, perspectives, ideas, and experiences. We are committed to supporting and enabling growth and opportunity for every employee at every level. This is the foundation to which we will build a truly unique environment.
We are equally committed to equal employment opportunity, and it is foundational to how we recruit and hire our talented team. Employment is determined based upon capabilities and qualifications without discrimination on the basis of race, creed, color, religion, sex, gender identification and expression, marital status, military status or status as an honorably discharge/veteran, pregnancy (including potential pregnancy, pregnancy-related conditions, and childbearing), sexual orientation, age (40 and over), national origin, ancestry, citizenship or immigration status, physical, mental, or sensory disability , HIV/AIDS or hepatitis C status, genetic information, status as an actual or perceived victim of domestic violence, sexual assault, or stalking, or any other protected class as established by law.
#talentacquisition #laserweeding #laserweeder #weedcontrol #agtech #agtechnology #farmtech #robotics #lasers #lasersandrobots #missiondriven #AI #startup #wearehiring #computervision #machinelearning #carbonrobotics
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
Vacature rapporteren
### Salarisgegevens toevoegen
Beoordeel Carbon Robotics
Bekijk Carbon Robotics review voor Amsterdam, NH
Bekijk Sales Representative review voor Carbon Robotics
Review for Sales Representative at Carbon Robotics, Amsterdam, NH
Salarislink voor Carbon Robotics
Salaries for Carbon Robotics, Amsterdam, NH
Salaries for Sales Representative at Carbon Robotics
Salaries for Sales Representative at Carbon Robotics, Amsterdam, NH
Salarislink voor Sales Representative
Salaries for Sales Representative, Amsterdam, NH
&nbsp;
### Artikelen Carrièregids
Een proefdag in de horeca
Hoe kun je doktersassistent worden?
Motivatietheorieën op de werkvloer
Notuleren bij een vergadering? 10 handige tips
Tips om je cv te schrijven
Verhuizen voor werk: hoe werkt dat?
Wat doet een POH-GGZ?
Wat doet een financieel administratief medewerker?
Wat doet een netwerkbeheerder?
Werken in Zuid-Amerika? Tips!
&nbsp;
### Vergelijkbare vacatures in de buurt
Sales Representative vacatures in Amstelveen
Sales Representative vacatures in Amsterdam
&nbsp;
Carrièregids Vacatures zoeken Bedrijven bekijken Salarissen Indeed Events Werken bij Indeed Indeed wereldwijd Over Indeed Help
© 2025 IndeedToegankelijkheid bij Indeed Privacycenter en Ad Choices DSA-rapportage Pagina Online veiligheid Cookies Voorwaarden