Sales Development Representative (SDR) - BENELUX - 1017 Amsterdam Centrum - Indeed.com
Home
Company reviews
Salary guide
Sign in
Sign in
Employers / Post Job
1 new update
Start of main content
WhatWhereFind Jobs
This job has expired on Indeed
Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications
Sales Development Representative (SDR) - BENELUX
================================================
Hadrian
Leidseplein 1, 1017 Amsterdam Centrum
Hybrid work
Location
--------
Leidseplein 1, 1017 Amsterdam Centrum
&nbsp;
Benefits Pulled from the full job description
---------------------------------------------
* Referral programme
&nbsp;
Full job description
--------------------
*Are you passionate about cybersecurity and eager to make your mark in a* ***new market****?*
*Then this is the perfect role for you. Seize the thrilling opportunity to play a pivotal role in* ***Hadrian's expansion*** *into the* ***BENELUX market****.*
### **Who are we:**
We are **Hadrian** - a **cybersecurity** startup. A force reshaping the future of cybersecurity. Founded in August 2021, we've secured €20 million in funding and the backing of ABN AMRO Ventures, propelling us into a new era.
Our goal is to provide companies with a **real-time Exposure Management** platform, viewing security through a hacker's eyes because, well, hackers understand hackers best. We continuously map the digital footprint of organizations, discover risks, and prioritize remediation for security teams to harden their external attack surfaces.
Located in Amsterdam's buzzing Leidseplein and by London's famous Paddington Station, our diverse team from 20+ countries is on a mission to revolutionize security. Join us in securing over 200 businesses and be at the forefront of **automated offensive security**.
### **Your Role:**
As a **Sales Development Representative (SDR)** at Hadrian, you’ll play a crucial role in our expansion efforts in **the BENELUX region** by generating qualified meetings for the regional Account Executives of our sales team. You will be responsible for booking meetings, following up on marketing leads, supporting marketing initiatives such as account-based marketing, and running outbound calling campaigns.
### **What you will do as a Sales Development Representative - BENELUX at Hadrian:**
* Generate a pipeline of new business via cold calls, emails, and LinkedIn outreaches.
* Execute outbound calling and multi-touch campaigns, and follow up on leads generated from marketing activities.
* Schedule BANT (Budget, Authority, Need, Timeline) qualified meetings for our Account Executives.
* Utilize LinkedIn, HubSpot, and other sales tools to enhance prospecting efficiency and follow up on existing contacts.
* Support marketing initiatives, including account-based marketing strategies.
### **You are fit for this job because you:**
* Are fluent in both Dutch and English.
* Have a minimum of 2 years of experience and a proven track record of success in an SDR or BDR role, ideally in the cybersecurity industry.
* Possess strong qualification skills (BANT or similar).
* Have experience with CRM tools like Salesforce or HubSpot.
* Are able to manage multi-touch campaigns and execute outbound campaigns.
* Enjoy engaging prospects via telephone.
* Demonstrate ambition and motivation to develop your career.
**Bonus points if you have:**
* Experience in building pipelines from verticals such as BFSI, retail, and manufacturing.
* Previous experience in a startup or low-support environment.
###
### **Benefits at Hadrian:**
* Unlimited paid holiday
* Stock options package
* Mobile phone stipend
* Laptop
* Work-from-home budget
* Referral bonuses
* Joyful team activities
###
### **Why you want to be part of Hadrian**
**Make the internet safer.** We enable companies to protect their customers, employees, and other stakeholders from malicious hackers by providing real-time Exposure Management from the Hacker’s perspective
**Board a primed rocket ship.** Hadrian is growing fast; the team is approaching 70 wonderful people, notable customers are signed and significant funding is raised. Now is the time to join our high-growth journey
**Be part of a strong and dynamic culture.** Our values define who we are as a group, and serve as the cornerstones to guide us in building a product that our customers love. At Hadrian, we achieve this by championing a culture that takes ownership, succeeds together, increases velocity, and pursues growth
### **Sounds like the role for you? Hit the apply button!**
*Our clients are seeking a world-class and reliable digital security service. That is exactly what we are offering. Therefore, a background check will be part of the process.*
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
Report job
&nbsp;
Sales Representative jobs in Amsterdam Centrum
Jobs at Hadrian in Amsterdam Centrum
Sales Representative salaries in Amsterdam Centrum
Hiring Lab Career advice Browse jobs Browse companies Salaries Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help ESG at Indeed
© 2025 IndeedAnti-Slavery statement Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Centre and Ad Choices Terms