Java Developer - Chicago, IL - Indeed.com
Home
Company reviews
Find salaries
Sign in
Sign in
Employers / Post Job
1 new update
Start of main content
WhatWhereFind Jobs
This job has expired on Indeed
Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications
Java Developer
==============
Capgemini
3.73.7 out of 5 stars
Chicago, IL
$128,656 a year - Full-time
Capgemini
---------
10,505 reviews
Read what people are saying about working here.
JobCompany
Benefits Pulled from the full job description
---------------------------------------------
* Paid parental leave
* Parental leave
* 401(k)
* Health insurance
* Paid time off
* Vision insurance
* Dental insurance
Show morechevron down
&nbsp;
Full job description
--------------------
Choosing Capgemini means choosing a company where you will be empowered to shape your career in the way you’d like, where you’ll be supported and inspired by a collaborative community of colleagues around the world, and where you’ll be able to reimagine what’s possible. Join us and help the world’s leading organizations unlock the value of technology and build a more sustainable, more inclusive world.
**Job Location - Chicago IL (Day 1 onsite, 5 days in a week)**
--------------------------------------------------------------
**Key Responsibilities**
------------------------
* Working knowledge of at least 2 High Level Programming Languages like Java or Python
* Working knowledge of algorithms data structures and enterprise applications
* Formulating clear and concise written and verbal descriptions of Software and System for engineering stakeholders and tracking and managing delivery of the same
* Strong communication skills and the ability to work in a team
* Strong analytical and problem-solving skills
* Ability to solve high performance engineering problems in a language agnostic manner
**Required Skills**
-------------------
* 4-6 years of experience Working with software engineering principles and practices
* Experience in Goldman Languages Slang Alloy is a plus.
* Experience with Kubernetes deployment architectures.
* Experience building trading controls within an investment bank.
* Experience with NoSQL (Mongo Elastic Hadoop) in memory (MEMSQL Ignite) cloud (Snowflake) and relational (DB2 SybaseIQ) data store solutions.
* Experience in data driven performance analysis and optimizations.
**Life At Capgemini**
---------------------
Capgemini supports all aspects of your well-being throughout the changing stages of your life and career. For eligible employees, we offer:
* Flexible work
* Healthcare including dental, vision, mental health, and well-being programs
* Financial well-being programs such as 401(k) and Employee Share Ownership Plan
* Paid time off and paid holidays
* Paid parental leave
* Family building benefits like adoption assistance, surrogacy, and cryopreservation
* Social well-being benefits like subsidized back-up child/elder care and tutoring
* Mentoring, coaching and learning programs
* Employee Resource Groups
* Disaster Relief
**Disclaimer**
--------------
Capgemini is an Equal Opportunity Employer encouraging diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, national origin, gender identity/expression, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, genetics, veteran status, marital status or any other characteristic protected by law.
This is a general description of the Duties, Responsibilities and Qualifications required for this position. Physical, mental, sensory or environmental demands may be referenced in an attempt to communicate the manner in which this position traditionally is performed. Whenever necessary to provide individuals with disabilities an equal employment opportunity, Capgemini will consider reasonable accommodations that might involve varying job requirements and/or changing the way this job is performed, provided that such accommodations do not pose an undue hardship.
Capgemini is committed to providing reasonable accommodations during our recruitment process. If you need assistance or accommodation, please reach out to your recruiting contact.
Click the following link for more information on your rights as an Applicant http://www.capgemini.com/resources/equal-employment-opportunity-is-the-law
**Salary Transparency**
-----------------------
Capgemini discloses salary range information in compliance with state and local pay transparency obligations. The disclosed range represents the lowest to highest salary we, in good faith, believe we would pay for this role at the time of this posting, although we may ultimately pay more or less than the disclosed range, and the range may be modified in the future. The disclosed range takes into account the wide range of factors that are considered in making compensation decisions including, but not limited to, geographic location, relevant education, qualifications, certifications, experience, skills, seniority, performance, sales or revenue-based metrics, and business or organizational needs. At Capgemini, it is not typical for an individual to be hired at or near the top of the range for their role. The base salary range for the tagged location is $103330 to $128656 /yearly.
This role may be eligible for other compensation including variable compensation, bonus, or commission. Full time regular employees are eligible for paid time off, medical/dental/vision insurance, 401(k), and any other benefits to eligible employees.
Note: No amount of pay is considered to be wages or compensation until such amount is earned, vested, and determinable. The amount and availability of any bonus, commission, or any other form of compensation that are allocable to a particular employee remains in the Company's sole discretion unless and until paid and may be modified at the Company’s sole discretion, consistent with the law.
Capgemini is a global business and technology transformation partner, helping organizations to accelerate their dual transition to a digital and sustainable world, while creating tangible impact for enterprises and society. It is a responsible and diverse group of 340,000 team members in more than 50 countries. With its strong over 55-year heritage, Capgemini is trusted by its clients to unlock the value of technology to address the entire breadth of their business needs. It delivers end-to-end services and solutions leveraging strengths from strategy and design to engineering, all fuelled by its market leading capabilities in AI, cloud and data, combined with its deep industry expertise and partner ecosystem. The Group reported 2023 global revenues of €22.5 billion.
&nbsp;
Report job
### Company and salary information
Review for Capgemini
Review for Capgemini, Chicago, IL
Review for Java Developer at Capgemini
Review for Java Developer at Capgemini, Chicago, IL
Salaries for Capgemini
Salaries for Capgemini, Chicago, IL
Salaries for Java Developer at Capgemini
Salaries for Java Developer at Capgemini, Chicago, IL
Salaries for Java Developer
Salaries for Java Developer, Chicago, IL
&nbsp;
### Career Guide articles
16 Tips To Help You Stay Organized in College (Plus Benefits)
9 Receipt Scanners To Help You Work More Efficiently
FAQ: What Is the Degree a Forensic Anthropologist Needs?
How To Avoid Project Overload (With Definition and Tips)
How To Become a History Blogger in 6 Steps (Plus Tips)
How To Become an Infusion Nurse in 6 Steps (Plus Salary)
How To Send a Second Follow-Up Email After an Interview
How To Write A Master Control Operator Resume (With Example)
How To Write Learning Objectives in 5 Steps (Plus Tips)
What Are Primary, Secondary and Tertiary Levels of Care?
&nbsp;
### Similar jobs nearby
Java Developer jobs in Chicago, IL
&nbsp;
Hiring Lab Career advice Browse jobs Browse companies Salaries Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help ESG at Indeed
© 2025 IndeedYour Privacy ChoicesAccessibility at Indeed Privacy Center and Ad Choices Terms