Medical Sales Representative - 1042 Amsterdam Westpoort - Indeed.com
Startpagina
Bedrijfsreviews
Salarischeck
Inloggen
Inloggen
Werkgevers / Plaats vacature
1 new update
Begin van hoofdcontent
WatWaarVacatures zoeken
Deze vacature is verlopen op Indeed
Mogelijke redenen zijn: de werkgever accepteert momenteel geen sollicitaties, is niet actief op zoek naar nieuwe medewerkers of is bezig met het beoordelen van sollicitaties
Medical Sales Representative
============================
InBody Europe B.V.
2.92.9 van de 5 sterren
1042 Amsterdam Westpoort
Hybride werken
Fulltime
InBody Europe B.V.
------------------
7 reviews
Lees wat andere gebruikers over dit bedrijf te zeggen hebben.
Locatie
-------
1042 Amsterdam Westpoort
&nbsp;
Volledige vacaturetekst
-----------------------
**What do we offer you?**
As a Medical Sales Representative, you will find yourself in a diverse role within an innovative and growing organization, aiming to be as successful with its European division as it has been in other markets in Asia and the US. In this challenging role, you will have full responsibilities, with excellent support. For this role, attractive primary and secondary employment conditions are offered. Additionally, you will join an open, ambitious, international, and multidisciplinary environment with short lines of communication.
**Where will you work?**
Since 1996, InBody has been developing advanced equipment to measure body composition. Our clients are in the medical, paramedical, and fitness industries, providing insights into body composition. The application possibilities of body composition analysis are vast, from contributing to the determination of dry weight in kidney patients to helping create motivating training programs for (elite) athletes. For the past 5 years, the headquarters of the European division has been based in Amsterdam.
**What will you do?**
As a Medical Sales Representative, you will be part of the Medical Business Development Team in the Benelux. This team focuses on market development within the medical field (hospitals, rehabilitation centers, paramedical centers, other medical institutions, and independent dietitians). The team informs and advises (para-) medical professionals about medical measuring equipment. You will work primarily from the headquarters in Amsterdam and partly from home, and naturally, you will spend a lot of time on the road visiting your clients across the Netherlands.
Your tasks and responsibilities include:
* Identifying new potential clients and creating sales opportunities within the medical field
* Learning about the market to develop a strong sales strategy
* Closing sales contracts within the medical sector
* Collaborating with medical institutions for tender processes
* Maintaining strong relationships with clients in the medical field
* Providing product training to professionals within the medical field
* Representing the company at conferences and events
**Working conditions:**
· Start date: As soon as possible
· Working hours: 5 days a week (Mon-Fri, 8:30-17:00, including 30 mins lunch break)
**Who are you?**
We are looking for a dedicated, goal-oriented, and passionate candidate who wants to become part of a growing company with a multidisciplinary and international team. You have a highly proactive and flexible attitude as you will be involved from A to Z (internally and externally) in all activities required to make this a success.
Furthermore, you have/are:
* A completed higher vocational (HBO) or university education
* At least 2-5 years of commercial experience in Healthcare
* Excellent verbal and written communication skills (NL & ENG)
* A problem solver/analytical thinker
* Patient and persistent
* Skilled in time and project management
* Proficient in Microsoft Office (Excel, PowerPoint, and Word)
* Knowledge of InDesign or other design tools is a plus
* Ideally based in the Amsterdam area due to the location of the headquarters.
**What we offer:**
· Competitive salary
· Plenty of room for self-development in an international environment
· Pension build-up
· Travel allowance
· Birthday gift
· Support for a sports subscription
· Support for learning languages (KR, NL, DE, FR, IT, or ES)
· Every Wednesday we provide lunch at our office
*Ready to transform the digital world of the medical devices market? Send your CV and motivation letter to* hr.eu@inbody.com
Job Types: Full-time, Contract, Commission
Education:
* Master's (Required)
Experience:
* sales: 2 years (Required)
Language:
* English (Required)
* Dutch (Required)
Work Location: Hybrid remote in 1042 Amsterdam Westpoort
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
Vacature rapporteren
### Salarisgegevens toevoegen
Beoordeel InBody Europe B.V.
Bekijk InBody Europe B.V. review voor Amsterdam Westpoort, NH
Bekijk Medical Sales Representative review voor InBody Europe B.V.
Review for Medical Sales Representative at InBody Europe B.V., Amsterdam Westpoort, NH
Salarislink voor InBody Europe B.V.
Salaries for InBody Europe B.V., Amsterdam Westpoort, NH
Salaries for Medical Sales Representative at InBody Europe B.V.
Salaries for Medical Sales Representative at InBody Europe B.V., Amsterdam Westpoort, NH
Salarislink voor Medical Sales Representative
Salaries for Medical Sales Representative, Amsterdam Westpoort, NH
### Artikelen Carrièregids
9 eenvoudige tips om feedback te vragen en te verwerken na een job afwijzing
Hoeveel verdient een interieurbouwer?
Online brainstormen: 8 tips
Projectleider worden, hoe doe je dat?
Wat doet een landschapsarchitect?
Wat is een SEO-opleiding?
Wat is een motion designer?
Wat is winstuitkering?
Werken in Genève
cv voor een leraar basisonderwijs
### Vergelijkbare vacatures in de buurt
Medical Sales Representative vacatures in Amsterdam
* Carrièregids
* Vacatures zoeken
* Bedrijven bekijken
* Salarissen
* Indeed Events
* Werken bij Indeed
* Indeed wereldwijd
* Over Indeed
* Help
* © 2025 Indeed
* Toegankelijkheid bij Indeed
* Privacycenter en Ad Choices
* DSA-rapportage
* Pagina Online veiligheid
* Cookies
* Voorwaarden