Account Manager Printing Public sector - Amstelveen - Indeed.com
Startpagina
Bedrijfsreviews
Salarischeck
Inloggen
Inloggen
Werkgevers / Plaats vacature
1 new update
Begin van hoofdcontent
Wat
Waar
Vacatures zoeken
Deze vacature is verlopen op
Indeed
Mogelijke redenen zijn: de werkgever accepteert momenteel geen
sollicitaties, is niet actief op zoek naar nieuwe medewerkers of is bezig
met het beoordelen van sollicitaties
Account Manager Printing Public sector
======================================
Hewlett Packard
4.04.0 van de 5 sterren
Amstelveen
Hewlett
Packard
---------------
13,126 reviews
Lees wat andere gebruikers over dit bedrijf te zeggen hebben.
Locatie
-------
Amstelveen
&nbsp;
Volledige
vacaturetekst
-----------------------
We are currently offering an opportunity to join HP Benelux. In this
role you will be mainly generating new Printing business within a
territory of Public customers in the Netherlands. As an HP Sales
Executive New Business, you are focused on building strong
professional relationships with a variety of Healthcare customers
and HP’s partners. You will establish a high level of personal
credibility as you deeply understand business strategies and
challenges to be able to act as a trusted advisor and shape deals
early in the sales cycle. With that you advance opportunities that
result in profitable revenue growth for HP.
The role:
You know your customers’ challenges and strategies and you
demonstrate breadth and depth of knowledge in aligning HP
capabilities to the client’s business and IT priorities and
positioning relative to competitors. You leverage existing
engagements and run-rate business to seed and grow new
opportunities, combining HP’s capabilities with those from HP
Business Partners. In your role you will be focusing on selling
services, based on the umbrella story “HP’s Workplace of the
Future”.
Responsibilities:
* Seek out new opportunities and expands and enhances existing
opportunities to build, manage and drive the Sales pipeline in
specialty area.
* Maintain knowledge of competitors in account to strategically
position company's products and services better.
* Establish a professional, working, and consultative,
relationship with the client, by developing a core understanding
of the unique business needs of each client’s unique business
and industry
* Contributes to proposal development, negotiations and deal
closings.
* Interface with both internal and external experts to
anticipate customer needs and facilitate solutions
development.
* Interface with resellers to do joint hunt activities and
joint accounts plans on customer level.
* Develop account plans, incorporating crucial customer
insights, to prioritize and target the right customers for HP,
early in the sales cycle.
* Collaborate closely with the other workplace team members to
drive lead generation across the entire customer base, ensuring
sustained engagement with customers throughout the sales
cycle
Scope and Impact:
* Coordinate internal & external partners to deliver
appropriate solution sale.
* Establishes relationships with customer/partner at all
organizational levels; able to interface with senior levels in
internal and external groups.
* Assigned average or higher size quota.
* Account size ranges: Public segment, with focus on
HealthCare
What this job will bring you:
* This position offers a unique opportunity to establish a
close working relationship with some of our prospects, up to and
including the C-level for larger accounts. It is a chance to
gain a deep understanding of each client’s unique business and
industry. A significant percentage of your time will be spent
directly with customer, for example in working together on an
engagement plan.
What you bring to the job:
We believe the following skills and
experiences are important for success in the job:
* Client Relationship. Being pro-active and building a close
working relationship with the right C-level, will be the crucial
differentiator to grow our business. You will establish a high
level of personal credibility both internally as well as
externally.
* Sales skills. Identifying sales opportunities and closing
profitable deals in the Printing business will be your main
responsibility. Therefor a solid dose of influencing and
negotiating skills are key to be successful.
* Knowledge of HP portfolio. As being the case with most of our
customers, there is a mix of ‘old’ style of IT and New style of
IT solutions and services. To manage the current business and to
sell future business you need to have a good understanding of
industry trends, the entire HP printing portfolio of products
and especially services. Although you can count on assistance of
experts, you need to be comfortable in selling services towards
customers.
* Communication skills. Your ability to deliver clear, concise
and persuasive communications including presentations for
multiple audiences, up to Executive Management level, will be
needed to get sponsorship internally as well as to build trust
and rapport with the client and partners.
* Patience and planning. Engaging contractual selling takes
time and requires both short term and long-term planning. So
besides keeping your calm and showing patience with the right
long-term plan in place, you also need to drive business on a
day to day basis.
* Teamwork and collaboration. A ‘One HP’ approach is crucial to
sell and deliver the end-to-end solution the customer needs.
Therefore, your ability to connect people, motivate, coach and
empower the entire account team will ensure a successful
continuation and growing of HP’s share of wallet.
Education and Experience Required:
* Bachelor or Master degree or equivalent through
experience.
* A minimum of 5 years of experience in sales, preferably
Printing related.
* Languages: High fluency in English & Dutch.
What we offer:
* An international working environment where you will work
closely with your international and local teams;
* Dynamic company, acting in a fast-moving market, with
innovative products found in many companies;
* An environment which allows you to build close relationships
with your business colleagues;
* An opportunity to develop and grow; A culture where you own
your development while HP makes it easy for you by offering
learning platforms;
* An employer who has a strong focus on Diversity &
Inclusion and where sustainability is one of our business
strategies;
* We also care about your wellbeing, so we encourage a work
environment where sustainable productivity is on top of our
agenda;
Thanks for taking the time to review our job, if you think it is a
match to your experience and interests please apply today, we are
eager to learn more about you!
#LI-POST
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
Vacature
rapporteren
### Salarisgegevens toevoegen
Beoordeel
Hewlett Packard
Bekijk Hewlett Packard review voor
Amstelveen, NH
Bekijk Account Manager review voor
Hewlett Packard
Review for Account Manager at Hewlett
Packard, Amstelveen, NH
Salarislink
voor Hewlett Packard
Salaries for Hewlett Packard,
Amstelveen, NH
Salaries
for Account Manager at Hewlett Packard
Salaries for Account Manager at Hewlett
Packard, Amstelveen, NH
Salarislink
voor Account Manager
Salaries for Account Manager,
Amstelveen, NH
&nbsp;
### Vergelijkbare functiegroepen
Account Manager jobs
&nbsp;
### Artikelen Carrièregids
20 mogelijke droombanen
Bijbaantjes 14 jaar: wat zijn je
opties?
Een acceptabele reistijd naar werk
Executieve functies en vaardigheden
Grensoverschrijdend gedrag op de
werkvloer
Hoe kun je hondenfluisteraar
worden?
Metselaar worden: hoe doe je dat?
Salaris van een assistent
filiaalmanager
Wat doet een detacheringsbureau in de
zorg?
Wat is het gemiddelde loon in
Suriname?
&nbsp;
### Vergelijkbare vacatures in de buurt
Account Manager vacatures in
Aalsmeer
Account Manager vacatures in
Amstelveen
Account Manager vacatures in
Amsterdam
Account Manager vacatures in
Amsterdam-Duivendrecht
Account Manager vacatures in
Amsterdam-Zuidoost
Account Manager vacatures in Diemen
Account Manager vacatures in
Duivendrecht
Account Manager vacatures in
Rozenburg
Account Manager vacatures in
Uithoorn
&nbsp;
Carrièregids
Vacatures zoeken
Bedrijven bekijken
Salarissen
Indeed Events
Werken bij Indeed
Indeed wereldwijd
Over Indeed Help
© 2025 IndeedToegankelijkheid bij Indeed
Privacycenter en Ad Choices
DSA-rapportage
Pagina Online veiligheid
Cookies Voorwaarden